YEAR	TYPE	SOURCE	CONTEXT
1904	FIC	JessicaLetters	"last outbreak of humanitarian unrighteousness -- unrighteousness, I say, vaunting materialism, undisciplined feminism, everything that denotes moral deliquescence. Of course I see the good, even"
1905	NF	IntroductionsPyschology	of men re-establishing their' deep masculinity' and defending it against the encroachments of feminism. There is much focus placed on the emotional dimensions of men's relationships with
1905	NF	IntroductionsPyschology	"is often referred to by the mass media as the outcome of two decades of feminism. Men, it is suggested, have responded to changes in gender relations by"
1905	NF	IntroductionsPyschology	"former distinctions between hegemonic notions of masculinity and femininity. In the wake of second-wave feminism, women are now expected to participate in the sphere of paid labour as well"
1907	FIC	Convert	"We oughtn't to do anything, or say anything to encourage this ferment of feminism -- and I'll tell you why: it's likely to bring a very"
1907	FIC	Play:VotesWomen	". We oughtn't to do anything or say anything to encourage this ferment of feminism, and I'll tell you why: it's likely to bring a very"
1910	MAG	Dial	"is apparently the most substantial profit that he gets. Allied to the question of feminism, of which Lady Cicely and Mrs. Clandon are but two out of many examples"
1910	MAG	Atlantic	"an extraordinary code of manners came into fashion, based on a new theory of feminism and largely due to the initiative of influential women themselves. How far this theory"
1912	MAG	GoodHouse	"But Sesame Garden, in which love and laughter, progressive science and the sweetest feminism have found their way, is a little park in the midst of the busy"
1914	MAG	Atlantic	"a reduetio ad absurdum for the whole feminist programme.' If this is what Feminism means, let us have no more of it.' And it is not"
1914	NF	PsychologySocial	"its intended chief effect of improving morally the social community. In fact, neither feminism nor aestheticism could have secured this indulgence of the community in the new movement,"
1915	MAG	Independent	met by the organized opposition of women. Woman suffrage is the political phase of feminism; the whole sweep of the relation of the sexes must be revised if the
1916	MAG	Outlook	"from Europe than what effect the great war will have on the political side of feminism. Political issues are dead in the belligerent nations. Men are not voting,"
1916	MAG	Outlook	held. Women are not philosophizing about the future; they are quite simply living feminism day by day. Probably in that lies the promise of victory for votes for
1916	MAG	Atlantic	"one of the leaks through which there gushed out the life of Europe. II Feminism has not in vented this courage, for there have always been brave women;"
1916	MAG	Atlantic	"life. But even though this work and its significance may have been facilitated by feminism, no woman would present the bill to men and say that we have thereby"
1916	MAG	Nation	", only rather more so. But if Dr. Lavender had had the problems of feminism to deal with, among his other problems, he would have approached them,"
1917	NEWS	NYT-Let (1)	"of admitting into the political arena an influx of pacifism, socialism. and feminism, upholders of true patriotism exhort all voters to do their utmost to defeat the"
1919	NF	SociologyModern	"as the "" Woman's Movement "" and in its more radical phases as "" Feminism. "" The woman's move-ment has accompanied and in part effected the eman-cipation of"
1920	FIC	MainStreet	"discussions of Freud, Romain Rolland, syndicalism, the Confederation Generale du Travail, feminism vs. haremism, Chinese lyrics, nationalization of mines, Christian Science, and fishing"
1921	FIC	FlamingForest	"the soft, thick coils of her hair. That little movement, the unconscious feminism of it, the way she folded her hands in her lap afterward, disturbed"
1921	NF	MysticIslesSouth	ladies of London and of Washington that we are in advance of their most determined feminism. They will come to it. More women than men in Europe will bring
1921	NF	NewWorldIslam	"parliamentary government, nationalism, scientific education, industrialism, and even ultra-modern concepts like feminism, socialism, Bolshevism. Stirred by the interaction of all these novel forces and"
1922	FIC	TrampingOnLife	"daughter... the next generation will see a great age of freedom for women... feminism.... "" Then it would be a grand thing, too, to have a"
1922	FIC	TrampingOnLife	"and the act which followed it as a serious problem in aesthetics, economics, feminism, and what-not... and the two would have talked and discussed, their voices"
1922	MAG	Nation	president of the university should be warned that in this situation is a breeding-place of feminism in its most virulent and pugnacious forms. It may not appear in the pamphlet
1923	MAG	Atlantic	"wooden comb, and the other a knife or scissors and sometimes a fiat- 188 FEMINISM IN NYASALAND iron to flatten the recalcitrant curls, as it is every black man"
1923	MAG	Atlantic	", can with impunity support a black woolen pincushion in lieu of a chevelure. 196 FEMINISM IN NYASALAND Native women, who have not grown either self-conscious or bold by much"
1923	MAG	Harpers	"uncertain in most, how extreme in others, it is the sanity of American feminism that is unique, its power and its human' variability of direction. This"
1923	MAG	Harpers	"that is unique, its power and its human' variability of direction. This feminism of America is a kindly affair, there is in it little opposition to man"
1923	MAG	Harpers	"the Capitol in the magnificent mansions which house the Woman's Party, the traditional feminism aroma of antagonism to men is still in the air. I understand Miss Paul"
1923	MAG	Harpers	air. I understand Miss Paul frowns on shorthair as a symbol of a surface feminism which might misrepresent the aims of the Woman's Party; but the girls occasionally
1923	MAG	Harpers	"of the Department of Labor in Washington last winter. Here were no theorists of feminism. Here were the daily practicers of it, in final tests of hard reality"
1925	MAG	GoodHouse	"woman question with other great questions. I consider this a perfectly good kind of feminism. There are other women, however, who put the woman question first and"
1925	MAG	GoodHouse	"feminist theorizing. Now I hope I have raised no doubts as to my own feminism. I consider myself a good feminist, but I believe I am a practical"
1925	MAG	Harpers	"in great active groups, is over. But in its place is rising a feminism which is a point of view. This point of view expresses itself not so"
1925	MAG	Harpers	"first youth, and now is tackling the problems of maturity. This is the feminism of to-day in America of to-day and of this generation. Talk to a man"
1925	MAG	Harpers	"and of this generation. Talk to a man? or an editor? about feminism and immediately an expression of boredom comes over his face. "" Can't you"
1925	MAG	Harpers	"themselves that her story has importance. Indeed, it is from this divisior that feminism has taken on new life and a new direction, and that it is again"
1925	MAG	Harpers	the husband. lie only true morality is fruitfulness. The problems of to-day's feminism pproa eh more nearly the problems of rtists than they do those of the average
1925	MAG	Harpers	not and we too shall bathe in the love and service of our families. Feminism is no answer to life. It is no answer to the struggle of doubt
1925	MAG	Harpers	"must go through to find, for each of us, an individual answer. Feminism is an attitude of courage, a positive attitude? an attitude of going forward"
1925	MAG	Harpers	"but in an advance? carrying the pack of love on erect shoulders, past feminism, past sex-consciousness, and out into the open valleys and pitfalls and mountains of"
1925	MAG	Harpers	"woman. "" This is another way of saying that he was unregenerate, for feminism amongst his own associates was already a dogma. Mary Wollstonccraft's Rights of Women"
1925	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"1775. "" So Paul becomes Pauline. "" he said. "" and ambitious feminism appropriates to Itself a share in one more field of endeavor heretofore claimed exclusively by"
1925	NEWS	NYT-Reg	historic ride should be taken by a worna.n. So Paul becomes Pauline and ambitious feminism appropriates to itself a share in one more field of endeavor heretofore claimed exclusively by
1926	MAG	NewYorker	"the last bulwark of Victorianism in the Broadway district. Ardent though we are in feminism, we applaud this stand; not for worlds would we see pass this quaint"
1928	MAG	Harpers	"making for democracy in the modern world, a force to which the word "" feminism "" is applied. Strong men, pounding their chests, will laugh and denounce"
1928	MAG	Harpers	"illiterate once more, and back them into the kitchen and cow barn again, feminism is likely to increase rather than diminish. With reference to any such operation,"
1930	MAG	Time	"harvester tycoon, Harold Fowler McCormick, has three passions: Music, Perfume, Feminism. For Music she has labored many a weary year without spectacular success. For"
1930	MAG	Time	"to success Ganna Walska Perfumes, Inc., of Paris and New York. For Feminism she gained a victory last week when the Third Division of the U. S. Customs"
1931	NF	AmericanLiterature	rights made steady progress from 1830 to 184o. During the forties the tide of feminism ran high. The cause of women's rights became the subject of a separate
1934	NF	HistoryUnitedStates	"either men or women without representation. The Stir among European Women. Such "" feminism "" in America was quickened by events in Europe. English women were especially aggrieved"
1934	NF	HistoryUnitedStates	"Britain in 1820, lectured all over the country for nr:rny years on labor, feminism, and politics. A Polish orator, Ernest inf. Rose, fleeing from"
1935	MAG	Harpers	"ago I met the Scandinavian delegates. From them I learned of a concept of feminism that had not developed on the lines of a sex-war, but on the ideal"
1935	MAG	Harpers	"boys have the proper basis. Yet that was, as I remember, what feminism was after. So somewhere we must have gone off the track. I have"
1935	MAG	Harpers	adventurers attracted no great crowd of disciples or followers. When we are frank about feminism we know that it has been a history of a few women taking advantage of
1935	MAG	Harpers	"leave the rest out, for, again going back to the original idea of feminism, what was sought was personal independence for all of them. Many of them"
1935	NF	HistoryEnglish	"within their reach. In the glowing anticipation of this new hope, modern "" feminism "" was being formulated at the same time. The woman who demanded equality of"
1937	MAG	Harpers	"Ossian? that strain in particular. And the emancipated Wells, the stirrings of feminism, the decorous intrusion of sex into contemporary writing. And during my first year"
1943	NF	SociologyPrinciples	"as the "" Woman's Movement "" and in its more radical phases as "" Feminism. "" The woman's movement has accompanied and in part effected the emancipation of"
1944	MAG	Harpers	"could be multiplied endlessly. The pattern is subtle but pervasive. Sexual freedom, feminism, insight into the economic sources of our social ills, all disappear from a"
1944	MAG	Harpers	"judgment on not just one woman but two women automatically brought forth Miss Cogdal's feminism to do battle against him. She won, as South Gate knew she would"
1951	MAG	Harpers	"immaterial, and incompetent. "" The working wives of 1951 are not motivated by feminism, but by common sense applied to economic dilemma. Their design for living has"
1952	MAG	NewRepublic	"reminiscent of Henry James, while its tone and attitude, a pervasive and persuasive feminism, suggest Virginia Woolf. An Anglo-Irish couple, childless, return after many years"
1956	MAG	Harpers	". In addition to these pity-pats at my external existence, the opponents of economic feminism bombard me with assorted jabs aimed to sway me inside where I really live?"
1959	FIC	TentsWickedness	"wait for... for... "" I laughed, because her feminism was so weak. She laughed, too, but perhaps, in the outcome"
1970	NF	BuddhistLeader	"O'Neill, Wm. L., Everyone Was Brave, The Rise and Fall of Feminism in America, Chicago, Quadrangle Books, 1969, p. 347.) 36."
1970	NF	BuddhistLeader	"does not shut them up but makes them develop new demands, new kinds of feminism. Yesterday's radicalism becomes today's common sense, from which radicalisms take their"
1971	MAG	Time	". It seems far more promising than its predecessors, principally because its editor is feminism's superstar, Gloria Steinem. # Titled Ms. after the movement's preferred form"
1973	FIC	Play:RosieLearnsFrench	"TAPE Les choses. ROSIE Stuff I care about. Whatever. Free trade. Feminism. Why is that funny, Rog? TAPE C'est une blague, n'est pas"
1974	FIC	WarBetweenTates	"grudge against men, which she has recently attempted to generalize and dignify as radical feminism. If he didn't know what he knows about her promiscuity at the time"
1974	FIC	WarBetweenTates	"The premonitioncomes to him that he is about to hear a speech on the New Feminism. "" Though I suppose in certain situations it might come in useful, """
1974	MAG	Time	"evidence of a new, pragmatic offshoot of the women's liberation movement: blue-collar feminism. Encouraged by their recent breakthroughs into traditionally male jobs such as apprentice seaman,"
1974	MAG	Time	"us in ages. "" # Ms. v. Mrs. For some of these converts to feminism, the most important influence has been a change in the movement itself. In"
1975	MAG	Time	"'s the last gasp of a very small group with a condescending view of what feminism is like, "" says DeCrow. "" If you mention you want to change"
1975	MAG	Time	"many other feminists, she believes that a housewives' revolt against narrow, strident feminism produced the recent stunning defeats of state equal rights amendments in New York and New"
1975	MAG	Time	Nov. 17). # The NOW-Womansurge warfare comes at a time when much of feminism's early momentum is gone. Though Womansurge is planning a national conference of feminists
1975	MAG	Time	"popular among educated, middle-class couples who have their own misgivings about traditional marriage. Feminism is playing a driving role. So is the rising divorce rate. Torn between"
1976	MAG	Time	it owes much to the formal feminist movement-the Friedans and Steinems and Abzugs. Yet feminism has transcended the feminist movement. In 1975 the women's drive penetrated every layer
1977	MAG	Time	"to work is a feminist. Phyllis Schlafly is one of the leaders of ultraconservative feminism. Let's get our semantics right. # Fay Angus # Sierra Madre,"
1978	MAG	Harpers	"and the AFL-CIO was in a position to offer a dignified, bread-and-butter, trade-union feminism to the millions of women who do the work of the nation's banks,"
1978	MAG	NewRepublic	"women. Not in the way Emma wants. I'm against the kind of feminism which tries to change women to react like men, to come to power and"
1980	MAG	Time	. # The World According to Garp by John Irving: an explosive tragicomedy about feminism and fatherly love. # NONFICTION Dispatches by Michael Herr: highly evocative reporting about
1980	MAG	Newsweek	"or neutral expert. In Ms. magazine, which can be taken to reflect mainstream feminism, Barbara Grizzuti Harrison wrote that she "" rooted for the father, laughing and"
1981	MAG	USNWR	"minimum wages as men, and half bar bias against women in housing. Since feminism flared anew around 1970, judges have tended to outpace lawmakers in granting rights to"
1981	MAG	Harpers	the corresponding reverence for women's moral superiority. There's only one catch: feminism put an end to woman as a creature of innate purity. Technically the sexes
1983	FIC	WideningGyre	"The family, the nucleus of civilization, is under attack from the spread of feminism, from those who council a form of rebellion under the deceitful rubric of children"
1983	MAG	Time	"Twain, in Malvinia's sumptuously appointed bedchamber. "" Gates, 44, outdistanced feminism long before it was fashionable to do so, taking her themes from headlines."
1984	MAG	Time	"New Right ideology, while millions of others share his many resentments-of Government, of feminism, blacks and modern life itself. At home in North Carolina, Helms'"
1986	MAG	Time	"Charles Foley. "" There were always plans. "" # McAuliffe's approach to feminism accentuated the positive. "" She never sounded angry, "" said a fellow teacher"
1986	MAG	Time	"and tragically trapped figure, racked by guilt. The newer version, born of feminism and the sexual revolution, says Richardson, is more blas and confident about her"
1987	MAG	Time	"passages, the parents charged that the readings taught such taboo topics as evolution, feminism, situational ethics and belief in the occult. # In 1986 Federal Judge Thomas"
1987	MAG	Time	"Actress Glenn Close, whose homicidal character can be seen as an avenging angel of feminism. See CINEMA. # 34 # WORLD: Amid hope and skepticism, Central"
1988	MAG	Time	"a dramatic redesign aimed at attracting new readers. Earlier this year Ms. magazine, feminism's longtime standard- bearer, revamped itself in an attempt to broaden its appeal."
1988	MAG	Time	"commonplace in D.C.: desegregation, Medicare, a 50-state union, peace marches, feminism. Brinkley is uniquely qualified to narrate the causes of that change. After all"
1989	FIC	FineLine	"upand-cominghotshot over here on a lavish expense account. Whatever you've heard about American feminism, it does not extend to equal pay and sharing the price of dinner."
1989	MAG	Time	"The superwomen are weary; the young are complacent. Is there a future for feminism? # In the' 80s American women learned that "" having it all """
1989	MAG	Time	"As America heads into the' 90s, the battle over abortion rights is regalvanizing feminism, amid a slow awakening to the realization that there's still a long way"
1989	MAG	Newsweek	make one thing clear. The feminization of television has surprisingly little to do with feminism. At its roots lies an intriguing demographic shift: female viewers have seized control
1980	NEWS	Boston	"your novel, walk over them, too. To the off-our-backs contingent within modern feminism, Mrs. Kennedy would never have qualified for sisterhood, much less been seen as"
1980	NEWS	Chicago	"the landlords who had destroyed her own and so many Irish families, despite their feminism' and abolitionism. The humiliations she endured getting Helen through Radcliffe were crowned with"
1982	MAG	NewRepublic	"Now, in a country where neither metaphor nor social convention seems to allow for feminism, the wags of Budapest ask you: "" Why is there no difference between"
1982	MAG	NewRepublic	"says that "" this book began in an effort to find the origins of modern feminism. "") And his fourth thesis is that around 1930 women's health improved"
1982	MAG	NewRepublic	"as soon as one tries to test in one's mind his main point that feminism arose as a consequence of better health, doubts begin to surface. Wasn't"
1982	MAG	NewRepublic	"his fourth thesis that early in the twentieth century women's health dramatically improved and feminism flourished thereafter. What did this improvement consist of, aside from a lowering of"
1982	MAG	NewRepublic	"sum, rather than seeing the improvement in women's health as a source of feminism, it seems much more likely that a rising self-awareness among women? and a"
1982	MAG	NewRepublic	"techniques, can not persuasively account for social movements, such as the rise of feminism. The connection between material changes and values can not be demonstrated by simply describing"
1982	NEWS	Boston	"- appears to have constructed an implicitly male-oriented model. Gilligan' s book is feminism at its best: it is emphatic without being shrill, and it manages to"
1983	MAG	Harpers	"do it proudly and well. Scouts of the Eighties, though, practice the feminism of the Eighties, which is a completely different? and much more defensive?"
1983	MAG	Harpers	",' Who says so?' "" In line with the new Girl Scout feminism, the badge book, too, has been changed. A badge is still"
1983	MAG	Harpers	"it boileddown to concrete policies that helped average working mothers. In Europe, modern feminism has been less conspicuous, but despite this, it has won some important victories"
1983	MAG	Harpers	"despite this, it has won some important victories. Take Sweden, where social feminism became a powerful force in the early years of this century. The social feminists"
1983	MAG	Harpers	is not enough if material conditions interfere with normal work and family life. Social feminism has also influenced official thinking in the French trade-union movement. Sociologist Catherine Bodard Silver
1983	MAG	Harpers	for working women. Without strong links to political parties and trade unions. American feminism contrasts sharply with European social feminism. As political scientists Carolyn Teich Adams and Kathryn
1983	MAG	Harpers	"links to political parties and trade unions. American feminism contrasts sharply with European social feminism. As political scientists Carolyn Teich Adams and Kathryn Teich Winston have put it,"
1983	MAG	Nation	"part of the fabric of Jewish life, "" declares professor Judith Plaskow. "" Feminism demands a new understanding of Torah, God, and Israel: an understanding of"
1983	NEWS	CSMonitor	"legally enforced segregation and discrimination. Made up of women, the group has put feminism to work in a society still overtly partial to the opposite sex. // In a"
1984	MAG	Nation	"And for the world's most independent woman, Mead had an uneasy time with feminism. On the one hand, connections forged with women -- as friends, colleagues"
1984	NEWS	CSMonitor (1)	"family? //'' No, it works the other way around. Feminism makes marriage possible. As long as marriage is a totally unequal partnership, it"
1984	NEWS	CSMonitor	"if there is one reason why I didn' t get married, was not feminism. It was the 1950s. Because the' 50s in which I grew up"
1984	NEWS	CSMonitor	"an oppressive, terrible, humorless, inhuman picture of marriage. //'' So feminism makes real love between men and women possible for the first time.'' //"
1984	NEWS	CSMonitor	", but reluctantly allowed her to tag along with her brother. So much for feminism in the'' classless'' Communist community! // I talked with directors"
1985	MAG	Harpers	"rings and tangle their ankles in their long New Look skirts. There is no feminism and no feminists: I am, I think, the only one. The"
1985	NEWS	CSMonitor	"my own good,'' she says with barely concealed disgust. // Her radical feminism was probably reason enough for the authorities to eye Said warily. Add to that"
1985	NEWS	NYT	front section that should include more articles on modern culture and social issues such as feminism and homosexual rights. // But in one respect almost all staff members agree: editors
1985	NF	SweetnessPower	: the connection between the consumption of sweets and feminine dominance.... This connection between feminism (old style) and sugar has been of the greatest importance for the history
1986	MAG	Harpers	with women and men as twentieth-century America presented them to him is remarkably like what feminism at its best found wrong with them. It took Thurber a while to parlay
1986	NEWS	CSMonitor	"in the United States in the last 30 years. First came a surge of feminism and its radicalization in the late' 60s. Around the same time, he"
1986	NEWS	NYT	"of the Labor Party' s "" soft left, "" from the future of feminism to the varieties of American "" imperialism. "" // Its influence probably declined faster even"
1988	MAG	Harpers	"and progressives have accomplished in the last fifty years. He does not simply oppose feminism or the abolition of the double standard in the abstract, he condemns them because"
1988	MAG	Harpers	learn from Hobbes and Nietzsche only the lesson of the rightfulness of their appetites; feminism puts into the classroom young women who can learn from Dewey and Freud only the
1989	MAG	Nation	", that remarkable group of Greenwich Village women leaders who gathered to affirm a prophetic feminism and to support one another in their convictions. In Belgrade in 1919 reporting on"
1989	NF	StruggleAmericas	"church and state to this basic klassenkamp, as he calls it: abortion, feminism, military policy, even environmental questions.30 // This argument is useful, as far"
1990	MAG	Time	violence to the front of our own consciousness. It is a triumph of modern feminism that an immense and very angry conversation is taking place among women nationwide. Society
1990	MAG	AmerArtist	"other women, O'Keeffe came to recent those who tried to appeal to her through feminism -- and when feminist Gloria Steinem arrived in Abiquiu with a bouquet of red roses"
1990	MAG	AmSpect	"has spoon-fed him. Although he likes to pose as the high priest of militant feminism, in his heart he must realize that his brand of loony-left nihilism, America-bashing"
1990	MAG	Harpers	That's why empowerment doesn't work. The voters hear that word and think feminism and race. BARBER: They can both work if you use the integrating theme
1991	FIC	FeministStud	"Anne Le Marquand Hartigan, "" Occupied Country "" # Definitions # "" Nationalism and feminism both privilege the desire to name, to classify, to distinguish themselves from the"
1991	MAG	NatlReview	"take fresh forms: ecology fascism, health fascism, forbidden speech codes, radical feminism, reverse racism, multiculturalism,' and so on. Where Marxism claimed the"
1991	MAG	USNWR	"Camille Paglia, author of "" Sexual Personae, "" the controversial critique of modern feminism. "" If getting the guy to stop means putting a heel into his crotch"
1991	MAG	Newsweek	An explanation from a NEWSWEEK writer -- and a call for a fresh look at feminism # Dateline: Los Angeles; Chicago; Boston; Houston; Denver; Washington
1991	MAG	Newsweek	"visible. During the' 80s a long, slow chill settled over the word feminism as the press, the advertising industry, the New Right, the religious right"
1991	MAG	Newsweek	"of that dazzling change of perspective that comes with the "" click! "" of feminism. "" If you're a political activist as I am, the strength of"
1991	MAG	Newsweek	"feminists. "" Tremendous gains have been made, but not under the label of feminism, "" says Susan Marshall, a sociologist at the University of Texas. """
1991	MAG	Newsweek	"from it. "" Maybe it's time to bring it back, to rescue feminism from the media hacks and woman-haters who abused the term so widely and effectively even"
1992	FIC	CriticalMatrix	"- given the lowly status of the feminine. # Riegl, Benjamin, French feminism - I draw on this constellation of theory in order to address issues of edifice"
1992	MAG	Time	"her control. # What was worse, the younger generation winced at the word feminism, while those who had never supported the idea were blaming it for everything from"
1992	MAG	HarpersMag	of Colored People replaced volunteers and picket signs. The raucous bra burning of late-Sixties feminism gave way to women's-studies departments and direct-mail campaigns by the National Organization of Women.
1992	MAG	People	"do well because of all her outside interests (among them, Palestinian politics and feminism) -- but then I discovered she was tutoring the bottom third of the class"
1992	MAG	ChristCentury	"worth. Unlike some of my feminist friends I've never been a Bly-basher. Feminism has taught me new ways of understanding myself and history, and I welcome the"
1992	MAG	ChristCentury	"in inner city Grand Rapids. The contras instead saw the twin demons of secular feminism and "" the new hermeneutic. "" Many less radical but truly conservative congregations across"
1992	MAG	RollingStone	I'm not an anythingist. I don't belong to anything. What does feminism mean to you? # I have a very deep love and respect and understanding
1993	FIC	WhereWeStand	"too -- they were dedicated fighters for abolition, temperance, and, later, feminism. Women were an important element of all the area's movements. Unlike in"
1993	MAG	America	", documents like the New Catechism disdain enrichment from psychology, biology, sociology, feminism and socialism or Marxism. To some apologists the church is most secure proving herself"
1993	MAG	coca	"of a pop star like Madonna comes kitted out in the arcane rhetoric of academic feminism and under the rubric of some new university subspecialty like "" cultural studies. """
1994	FIC	CriticalMatrix	"York: McGraw Hill Press, 1966) 121. 12. In Gender Trouble: Feminism and the Subversion of Identity (New York: Routledge, 1990), Judith"
1994	FIC	FantasySciFi	are some things men can't understand. Quite a shift from the way old-fashioned feminism preached sharing all life's duties. My dad used to proudly tell of cutting
1994	MAG	Time	"Naomi Wolf and Wendy Kaminer, who claim that women have been turning away from feminism because they're sick and tired of hearing about victims and "" victimology "":"
1994	MAG	Time	it accumulates the annual tithes from its millions of believers. Its current challenges: feminism and historical revisionism that pound away at the faith. # That faith is an
1994	MAG	Ms	"of those women who extol women's power and reject what they call "" victim feminism. "" At the same time, it plays to the real terror of millions"
1994	MAG	Ms	"feminist Naomi Wolf cites pistol-packin mamas in NRA publications as splendid examples of "" pioneer feminism. "" Maybe I'd be safer if I bought another handgun and practiced up"
1994	MAG	PsychToday	"THE SEXES Despite talk in the late 1980s and early 1990s of the decline of feminism and declarations that women, as a social and political force, are waning,"
1994	MAG	PsychToday	"help to change the corporate consciousness that still heavily favors male employees. As for feminism, many a conservative wrote its obituary in the 1980s, only to find it"
1994	MAG	PsychToday	"the wake of a decade that tried to stifle meaningful change. The "" new feminism, "" as some call it, is less doctrinaire than the old, less"
1994	MAG	PsychToday	"to preserving patriarchy and protecting women from the burdens of gender equality and men from feminism. As I answer their questions, I realize that very few are concerned with"
1994	MAG	NatlReview	"place of serious debate. Liberals criticize Christina Hoff Sommers, author of Who Stole Feminism?, for taking money from conservative foundations, while conservatives criticize Ralph Nader for"
1994	MAG	NatlReview	", has now been assimilated by most feminist thinkers. But the media and modern feminism are still rigidly rejecting the avalanche of data depicting basic differences in male and female"
1994	MAG	ChristToday	"Christ professor of theology at Chicago Theological Seminary, by quoting Thistlethwaite's conversion to feminism: "" I started to pray aloud,' O Father,' and I"
1994	MAG	ChristToday	"most explicit elaboration in sexual imagery. Susan Thistlethwaite declared, "" Sexuality is to feminism what work is to Marxism. "" The motif pervaded Re-Imagining at every level."
1994	NEWS	WashPost	"during a break between sessions. "" They were opposing homosexuality, abortion, radical feminism. Now it's a much broader group. "" And a more pragmatic one"
1994	NEWS	WashPost	"celebrate "" masculinism. "" But not, he insists, at the expense of feminism. He has, he'll tell you, dedicated his life to pleasing women"
1994	NEWS	Atlanta	"Family, a Roman Catholic traditionalist organization, takes a diametrically opposite view. Radical feminism, she says, is "" one of the most devastating religious epidemics of our"
1994	NEWS	Atlanta	"exegesis called "" The Women's Bible. "" Even the modern wave of religious feminism is more than 20 years old, arising as part of an overall awakening of"
1994	NEWS	Atlanta	"an ordained minister in the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) draws a distinction between "" feminism "" and "" radical feminism. "" Feminism, she says, addresses legitimate concerns"
1994	NEWS	Atlanta	"Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) draws a distinction between "" feminism "" and "" radical feminism. "" Feminism, she says, addresses legitimate concerns about oppression of women who"
1994	NEWS	Atlanta	"U.S.A.) draws a distinction between "" feminism "" and "" radical feminism. "" Feminism, she says, addresses legitimate concerns about oppression of women who, she says"
1995	FIC	ContempFic	"beyond and deals with many of the problems and topics of our time, from feminism to psychology to the use of language, especially in drama. The piece here"
1995	MAG	ChristCentury	"of women who descended on Cairo, a stronghold of Islamic radicalism often inimical to feminism, battled taboos and overturned historical barriers to demand women's rights, health care"
1995	MAG	ChristCentury	"orchestrated by Nunes and Rose Marie Muraro, a Catholic writer who pioneered modern Brazilian feminism. "" The colloquy of female theologians was always with male theologians, but the"
1995	MAG	ArtAmerica	"Maher believes a feminist stance is inevitable for Irish women: "" I come to feminism through lived experience. Here -- where history, church and judiciary have had such"
1996	FIC	Play:Famous	the volume. (she raps) Am I a feminist? Forget it. Feminism? Who can sweat it? Guys will always be preliminary to my work with
1996	MAG	Futurist	"most maligned part of the women's movement: the radical feminist movement. Radical feminism was always a strand of the women's movement, even as far back as"
1996	MAG	Futurist	two. Trends Suggest Potential Scenarios There are at least three mini-trends stemming from radical feminism that could result in dramatically different futures for women-and men. One of those has
1996	MAG	Futurist	if male-dominated society feels truly threatened. A third mini-trend that has roots in radical feminism is the push toward a partnership model of relations between men and women rather than
1996	MAG	America	", "" Yet Rome is very anxious about translations that reflect the agendas of radical feminism and new age spirituality, agendas that seem aimed at making Jesus of Nazareth an"
1997	MAG	Time	"made by the few on the front edge. We are not the inventors of feminism, but we are its first lifelong beneficiaries, eager and able to enter whatever"
1997	MAG	Ms	"fantastic cover. It's your best evera truly fresh and brash face of 1990s feminism. Keep those forward-looking images coming! Deborah A. Wallace (an "" older """
1997	MAG	Ms	"anything I wanted to be. That became the basis of my operative definition of feminism. I am saddened and disheartened when I read articles like Laura Flanders',"
1997	MAG	Ms	"supports a pretty conservative "" agenda, "" but she is a beautiful example of feminism. She thinks for herself, has the courage of her convictions, and encourages"
1997	MAG	Ms	"women a disservice, and feeds right into Rush Limbaugh's tirades, to present feminism as a liberals-only agenda. Celeste Budwit Houston, Tex. NorplantWho Gets Stuck?"
1997	MAG	Ms	"'s boast that she would vote for Ralph Nader (what are his positions on feminism, violence against women, and abortion, as well as lesbian/ gay rights?"
1997	NEWS	WashPost	them in his art. # Humility Lives # LONDON -- A woman convinced that feminism has gone too far carried a cross from one end of Britain to another in
1998	FIC	GirlTrouble--A	"you are getting, sort of, y'know, weirder and weirder-but you taught me feminism! You are relieved? "" # "" I just told you I am."
1998	MAG	Time	"LEEFERS Tucson, Ariz. # Which is more ridiculous: Bob Guccione talking about feminism or Camille Paglia talking about erections? ROD THOMAS Needham, Mass. # Did"
1998	MAG	Time	"as a feminist -- in fact, she consistently spoke of femininity rather than of feminism -- yet her work is unquestionably part of the liberation of women. She threw"
1998	MAG	Ms	"n't there doing the work. There is safety in numbers. That's what feminism found out. If one woman goes to her employer and asks for something,"
1999	FIC	LittleMoreAbout	"had started to shift on me: Adventure, Success, Friendship, Marriage, Feminism, Love, Morality, Home, Safetybefore long I wasn't able to make"
1999	MAG	Time	"3,430 2. Who Was Jesus? Aug. 15, 1988 2,121 3. Is Feminism Dead? June 29, 1998 2,004 4. Whose America? July 8,"
1990	NEWS	USAToday	"(Pollywanacraka), inadequate medical services (911 Is a Joke) and black feminism (Revolutionary Generation). # 4. Prince, Graffiti Bridge - Prince produced"
1990	NF	WastingGirlsTime	"controversy, from 1944 to // the mid 1960s, was also the period when feminism was comparatively dormant. During that time there appears not to have been much debate"
1990	NF	WastingGirlsTime	"of a process which began in the 1970s prompted by the second wave' of feminism. The Sex Discrimination Act, which became law in 1975, made it illegal"
1990	NF	WastingGirlsTime	", but in the early years they were also pioneers. Organising for a domestic feminism, they were militants at least for their own cause. Within the teaching profession"
1990	NF	WastingGirlsTime	women into higher education to despairing protest. The document exemplifies the paradox of domestic feminism': in making apparently progressive points about domestic science as a core subject in
1991	NEWS	NYT	sounds prepared to be merciless with acid rock and heavy metal. # TRIALS OF FEMINISM -- Women have it tough. Having struggled to win the right to go off
1991	NEWS	NYT	"of intellectual age in the mid-1970's, just after the first fervent wave of feminism had crested. Though the women's movement had its share of inane posturing,"
1991	NEWS	NYT	"are to break through the glass ceiling, they must escape the trap of neo-Puritan feminism with its reactionary sacralization of women's bodies, and along with men develop at"
1992	NEWS	SanFran	"friendliness about this tabernacle of funky left-wing politics, obscure ethnic music, and bellicose feminism of a distinct Berkeleyan flavor. # Although the staff made an effort at serious"
1992	NEWS	SanFran	"you're in that situation, to let yourself become dependent. "" 619170 # FEMINISM came early to the silent movies in the form of the cliff-hanging serial queen --"
1993	NEWS	Chicago	's health centers of the 1960s. Those consumer-run centers were products of a 1960s feminism that sought to change the relationship between women and doctors. Rather than feminist ideology
1993	NF	Pornography	"sectarian organisations, his interests were related to progressive political movements, including Fabianism and feminism, and he drew his audience from advanced socialist and literary circles (cf. Delavenay"
1993	NF	Pornography	"). Even in writers such as Cowan, who were not apparently identified with feminism, there was a concern with rights and spaces, accompanied by medical arguments that"
1994	NEWS	Atlanta	", the Catholic laywoman who wrote "" Ungodly Rage, "" an attack on Catholic feminism, provides a more graphic image: Feminists are attempting to take over the structure"
1996	NEWS	NYT	"and emotional battles about science, politics, religion and philosophy. He constantly denounced feminism, but when he wrote plays, he was too brutally honest not to depict"
1996	NEWS	CSMonitor	"side is beginning to appear in mainstream thought as much as the idea in early feminism that women could seek fulfillment in roles other than wife and mother, "" says"
1996	NEWS	CSMonitor	"on. Different movements have all led to this compassionate lifestyle - civil rights, feminism, animal rights - they all have to do with respect for life. """
1997	NEWS	SanFran	"families. For them, part time means a unique package of family values, feminism and fat paychecks all wrapped up in one gloriously shorter workweek. # CINDY TOLLIVER"
1997	NEWS	SanFran	and ritual abuse survivors -- brought to you by the makers of the backlash against feminism -- makes a social climate already riddled with taboo more hostile to children and adults
1998	NEWS	Atlanta	"trying to pump up this book -- "" one of the most stinging indictments of feminism to come along in a while, "" one critic wrote -- when the truth"
1998	NF	EthicsHumanCloning	"to generating babies, babies need have no necessary connection to sex. Thanks to feminism and the gay rights movement, we are increasingly encouraged to treat the natural heterosexual"
1999	NEWS	Denver	"hours. My year divides not by months but by sweeps. # I studied Feminism 101 with Mary Richards, did my postdoctoral feminist training with Roseanne. I learned"
2000	MAG	Time	"transform the commercial exploitation of bathos into a unique blend of self-help spirituality, pop feminism and Benjamin Franklin optimism. "" You always have the potential to get better,"
2000	MAG	Time	"and a brainy teen whose life isn't defined by boys, it shows that feminism and family values aren't mutually exclusive. # 5 THE TALLY HASSLE IN TALLAHASSEE"
2000	MAG	AmHeritage	"accordance with Maryland law. # If abolition entered the divorce arguments, so did feminism. By the mid-nineteenth century, when women could both earn wages and legally control"
2000	MAG	AmHeritage	"as one more step on the road to woman's full equality. Divorce and feminism were not, however, a match made in heaven. Elizabeth Cady Stanton,"
2000	NEWS	USAToday	", Respect heralded a return to Franklin's pew-rattling church performances. Though synonymous with feminism, Respect also served as a civil rights battle cry. # 3. Led"
2000	NEWS	CSMonitor	"pp.) By Terry W. Hartle # THE WAR AGAINST BOYS: HOW MISGUIDED FEMINISM IS HARMING OUR YOUNG MEN, by Christina Hoff Sommers, Simon &; Schuster,"
2000	NF	ArtsEduc	"have just created new objects for coddling ("" other "" cultures, choice, feminism, for instance) and bashing (Western culture, choice, and masculinity,"
2001	FIC	HookingUp	"of the relations between the sexes in the year 2000. The continuing vogue of feminism had made sexual life easier, even insouciant, for men. Women had been"
2001	FIC	FantasySciFi	"a standup comedy routine - mostly vegetarian humor and animal-rights jokes leavened by a sardonic feminism. The crowd ate it up, and Juliana seemed to be enjoying herself."
2001	MAG	Time	"the National Endowment for the Humanities and consistently enraged liberals with her conservative views on feminism, education and political correctness. So it's only natural that the wife of"
2001	MAG	Time	"lobbin' libber play the fast-talking former pro turned hustler, the big-top spectacle brought feminism into the living room. # A typical TV movie might have shown the match"
2001	MAG	Ms	"415789 The "" F "" Word In your article "" Is Feminism a Four-letter Word "" (February/March 2001) by Jill Nelson, you began by"
2001	MAG	Ms	"of a lot. As a woman who is constantly searching for my place in feminism, I certainly relate to the women in your article who can't reconcile themselves"
2001	MAG	Ms	"in your article who can't reconcile themselves with the label "" feminist. "" Feminism does carry baggage; it has historically turned its back on women who are not"
2001	MAG	Ms	and privileged. But how do we change that if we turn our backs on feminism? If we want to address women's issues of racial and economic inequalities as
2001	MAG	Ms	"image, we need some common ground. As feminists we should not deny that feminism is imperfect any more than we should deny that we as feminists are imperfect."
2001	MAG	Ms	"are imperfect. But if we do not work together to unpack the baggage of feminism, we will not be able to fight together for the rights of all women"
2001	MAG	Ms	we will not be able to fight together for the rights of all women. Feminism is not a word that belongs exclusively to our white mothers' or grandmothers'
2001	MAG	Ms	or grandmothers' movement any more than it belongs to one race or class. Feminism is our word-it belongs to all women and men who work for women's rights
2001	MAG	Ms	"women and men who work for women's rights. If we don't reclaim feminism, who will? TARAH A. DEMANT TACOMA, WASH. As a lawyer,"
2001	MAG	Ms	"name. The term has been tainted by media coverage of only one kind of feminism, and only when there is some sensationalized picture to be painted. Class discussion"
2001	MAG	Ms	"is not the 1960s. For one thing, you can see the influence of feminism on this new radicalization. Easily, half the leaders and participants are female,"
2001	MAG	Ms	"at Hamilton College in New York State, points to the profound impact she believes feminism has had on teaching methods, changing the classroom model from "" stand up and"
2001	NF	AcademicQs	"provides principles to reshape schools in the service of equality of results, multiculturalism, feminism, the inspiration to resist capitalist hegemony, and so on-the Post-Marxist, Postmodern Left"
2001	NF	AcademicQs	"feminists and intellectuals of color, i.e., those who share his sense of where feminism and racial politics fit into a larger Leftist struggle. Like Jesse Jackson's Rainbow"
2002	MAG	Time	"(On TV, American history is the history of TV.) Plots about feminism and civil rights flatter us about how far we have come. And the blue-collar"
2002	MAG	Time	"girls club (it's lowercase, so it's art!) says that feminism today is about both power and femininity. So does The Powerpuff Girls, but"
2002	MAG	Time	"does The Powerpuff Girls, but it's easier to walk the line between girl-positive feminism and silliness with little-girl superheroes than with grownup lawyers dressed like Britney Spears circa 1999"
2002	MAG	Time	"Lisa Banes), a.k.a. "" the Praying Mantis. "" "" What chance does feminism have in this sweat hole when the strong women become like the men? """
2002	MAG	Ms	"men to be stronger. To be more privileged. To be on top. Feminism challenges that assumption-saying, in effect: sure there are a few differences, but"
2002	MAG	WashMonth	"Hendrix) and social movements they took part in (civil rights, anti-war, feminism). # The' 80s generation, by contrast, seems to pride itself"
2002	NEWS	SanFran	": The Teaching of Contempt for Men in Popular Culture, "" they argue that feminism has gone too far and that the gender balance has now tipped in favor of"
2002	NEWS	SanFran	"unthinking nastiness. At the same time, it's wrong to blame misandry on feminism. # Feminism was a reaction to misogyny, not the birth of misandry."
2002	NEWS	SanFran	"At the same time, it's wrong to blame misandry on feminism. # Feminism was a reaction to misogyny, not the birth of misandry. Only a radical"
2002	NEWS	SanFran	equal wages (which we still - don't get) equaled hating men. And feminism has still not eradicated femme-bashing; you only have to listen to certain rap lyrics
2002	NF	SocialPsych	"? The outlook could be anything (e.g., religion, socialism, capitalism, feminism, a scientific outlook, or a highly personal philosophy). I expected zealots"
2003	MAG	Ms	"current Ms. Poll: The 2003 Ms. Magazine Survey on Women, Men, and Feminism are comparable to earlier Harris poll data. * Overall, as noted, a very"
2003	MAG	Ms	"women of color. Furthermore, although conservatives in talk media have tarred the word feminism in an attempt to attach it to the caricature of a strident ball-buster or man-hating"
2003	MAG	Ms	"women's rights represented a solid, certain, slow-but-sure gain in the popularity of feminism as we move into the 21st century. Men were less likely to call themselves"
2003	MAG	Ms	"initially identified themselves as feminists; yet when the men heard the dictionary definition of feminism, that number rose to 70 percent. Says Harris: "" Once they hear"
2003	MAG	Ms	".... "" Clearly (hence the T-shirt) Whoopi has decided this year to put feminism, If not first, at least on very prominent display. On other Web"
2003	MAG	Ms	"will support your needs, "" Manheim says. "" The most important thing for feminism is that young people vote. "" C.W. Footnote * NOW THE SURVEY WAS DONE"
2003	MAG	Ms	"recent Ms. Poll., The 2003 Ms. Magazine Survey on Women, Men, and Feminism between January 18 and February 4 with 1,007 individuals, who make up a representative"
2003	MAG	Ms	"celebrated for her pioneering feminist scholarship at Columbia University, her writings on androgyny and feminism and a 1995 biography of Gloria Steinem. Photograph // Rachel Corrie was 23 when"
2004	FIC	Play:Mistresses	"she gives me to read, but you know what, under everything, fuck feminism, they hold the keys. We try to get in, and they either"
2004	FIC	ByeByeLove	"Center for Women's History at the University of Wyoming. She and Nina had feminism in common, though Nina was the type of feminist who believed that all women"
2004	FIC	WifeNovel	"I'm saying, "" Harry went on. "" You mix in all this feminism, if you want to call it that -- even though it always makes me"
2004	MAG	RollingStone	of the best. Their songs are full of sex and love and loss and feminism and rock &; roll - one of their earliest love songs is about wrestling with
2004	MAG	AmHeritage	"history of politics or political ideas. There is nothing on the union movement, feminism, or civil rights. Instead, Boorstin serves up fascinating pocket histories of American"
2004	MAG	AmHeritage	"continuing through McCarthyism, the Korean War, agitation and violence over civil rights, feminism, the Vietnam War, the spread of the drug culture, and the rise"
2004	MAG	USAToday	"Many older Americans remember quite vividly the fervent protests against U.S. policies on racism, feminism, and war expressed by such prominent dissenters as Martin Luther King, Jr.,"
2005	FIC	SecondWind	""" "" God, "" Bell groaned. "" I told him that bit of feminism yonks ago. "" "" Good jokes never die. "" "" Did you know"
2005	FIC	CitizenGirlNovel	"can't recall... No, I don't think my' brand' of feminism is outdated.... Well, of course I'm participating. Why would you even"
2005	FIC	TrophyHouse	to hours working out and eating the right things. She's not deeply into feminism -- at least on the surface. She's always been extremely self-sufficient and opinionated
2005	FIC	Ploughshares	"not a mean streak at all, but I'm a long way from understanding feminism. Donna is two years older than me, angry at her last lover,"
2005	MAG	Time	"imperialism, Hollywood decadence, the Roosevelt-Saud alliance, the Afghan war, Zionism, feminism or other alleged outrages against Islam. They were living contentedly, tending their shoe"
2005	MAG	Time	"Limbaugh said on his radio talk show. "" This is what men were before feminism came along and neutered them! "" Somehow we suspect a real man's man"
2005	MAG	PsychToday	"created some of this tension, society sends its own mixed signals. Time and feminism have chipped away at the granite facade of traditional masculinity, but old monuments do"
2005	MAG	Ms	"boys are turned off to learning. In The War Against Boys: How Misguided Feminism Is Harming Our Young Men (Simon &; Schuster, 2000), Hoff Sommers"
2005	MAG	Bazaar	"a debatable way. Long ago and far away, on a distant planet called Feminism, women thought they wouldn't have to worry about how they looked or be"
2005	MAG	Bazaar	world and what we did in it. That turned out to be piffle. Feminism has been defeated by narcissism. Consider the case of George W. Bush's latest
2006	MAG	Time	charismatic appeal of Pope John Paul II's youth rallies and his interpretation of modern feminism as a way for women to express Christian values. # As this so-called J
2006	MAG	TownCountry	"unspoken pain, "" as she puts it in her recent book, Faith and Feminism. Her father had children with three women and, for a while, was"
2006	MAG	Ms	"in New Jersey who used her art to advance an array of causes, including feminism, anti-poverty and antideath penalty. We just completed a website dedicated to my mom"
2006	NEWS	Houston	"in the Arab World, established at the Lebanese American University hi 1973. Lebanese feminism "" is nothing compared to what it was. Lebanon was the leader; everything"
2006	NEWS	Houston	", environmental racism, leadership, grassroots organizing and more. www.feministcampus.org/ leadership/bennett NOVEMBER 15 Feminism in Practice Conference, Lehigh University, Bethlehem, Pa. Feminists of all sorts"
2006	NEWS	Houston	", Bethlehem, Pa. Feminists of all sorts convene to discuss the relevance of feminism to our daily lives. www.lehigh.edu/-infemcon NOVEMBER 15-22 Ani DiFranco on tour, N.J.,"
2007	MAG	AmSpect	"death penalty and more money for firefighters and other first responders. Despite her vaunted feminism, she has sympathized with opponents of abortion. From the Armed Services Committee she"
2007	MAG	Ms	". Scholar Patricia Bradley, in her book Mass Media and the Shaping of American Feminism, 1963-1975 (University Press of Mississippi, 2003), offers Ms. as an"
2007	MAG	Ms	"'s issues in a more frank and open way. What used to be called feminism has truly become part of the zeitgeist. "" As feminist media has affected the"
2007	MAG	Ms	"zeitgeist. "" As feminist media has affected the larger news media from without, feminism has equally affected the media from within. One of the key tenets in the"
2007	MAG	Ms	"only a handful of pioneers held such network jobs, but with the prodding of feminism in the 1970s and 1980s, women such as Barbara Walters, Judy Woodruff,"
2007	MAG	Ms	"advertisers hope to sell, "" writes Vanderbilt associate communications professor Bonnie Dow in Prime-Time Feminism: Television, Media Culture, and the Women's Movement Since 1970 (University"
2007	MAG	Ms	", there is no reason for us to be satisfied with a nonthreatening, depoliticized feminism proffered by the mass media. Instead, we need to keep pushing for media"
2007	MAG	ChristCentury	"blacks; it supported suffrage for women, but that was the extent of its feminism. It created the ecumenical movement in the U.S., but it had a strongly"
2009	FIC	HigherHope	"people, and of course the very idea of a woman preacher offends me. Feminism only goes so far before stubbing its toe on the Ten Commandments. "" #"
2009	MAG	coca	"her website that Bella is not an unfeminist character, since "" the foundation of feminism... is being able to choose. "" She writes, "" When I hear"
2009	MAG	coca	"universities. University of London race and cultural studies professor Sara Ahmed will speak on feminism and happiness, challenging the idea that feminists are "" killjoys. "" http: **28;502;TOOLONG"
2001	NF	FreedomsDaughters	"white, that stretched from the nineteenth-century abolitionist movement forward to twentieth-century civil rights and feminism. Indeed, the interconnections between race and gender, and between racism and misogyny"
2002	NF	NextChristendom	"compete in importance with the major secular trends, movements like fascism or communism, feminism or environmentalism? To the contrary, I suggest that it is precisely religious changes"
2004	NF	Style	"to integrate formal studies with current, more theme- or context-oriented ones, such as feminism, postcolonialism, historical constructionism or cultural studies. Forms of expression are thus related"
2004	NF	FeministStud	"Have There Been No Great Women Artists? "" in 1971, the impact of feminism on the histories of art written during the ensuing decades has been enormous. This"
2004	NF	FeministStud	"asserts that her study is grounded in several intellectual arenas: poststructuralism, Marxism, feminism, and gender theory. One significant concept is the idea of "" intertextuality,"
2004	NF	MommyMythIdealization	"and not an edict, then your life as a mother has been revolutionized by feminism. // Nonetheless, one of the reasons so many women say "" I'm"
2004	NF	MommyMythIdealization	"was essential to the promotion of the new momism, because the alleged evils of feminism made the new momism seem all the more reasonable, natural, inevitable, and"
2004	NF	MommyMythIdealization	", like gays). But the CRAP line has nonetheless sustained major misconceptions about feminism. // Let's see how successful CRAP was, by administering the patented """
2004	NF	MommyMythIdealization	"refers to women who in the 1960s and 1970s got "" taken in "" by feminism. Even though these fem-bots excoriated motherhood, they decided to have children anyway."
2005	NF	PerfectMadness	"the way our culture has groomed and greeted us. Mixing promise with politics, feminism with "" family values, "" science and sound bites and religion and, above"
2007	NF	FeminineMistake	"from my own family history? Since my coming-of-age coincided with the blossoming of modern feminism, how many of my choices were simply a product of the exhilarating times I"
2008	NF	SexualParadoxMen	"history. This was now. // Coming of age at the cusp of second-wave feminism, my expectations diverged sharply from those of previous generations. Unlike the women who"
2008	NF	SexualParadoxMen	"or languorous. Still, the idea of a complete overhaul had appeal. // Feminism, along with the sixties zeitgeist, had instilled a powerful belief in the freedom"
2008	NF	SexualParadoxMen	"have been born when I was, I benefited from the hard-won achievements of second-wave feminism. Enforced domesticity didn't come crashing in on me at the age of twenty"
2008	NF	SexualParadoxMen	"to money or property, women were often trapped by their circumstances. // Second-wave feminism changed all that, along with our expectations about what would happen next. Women"
2008	NF	SexualParadoxMen	"women in schools and workplaces. // Gender equity legislation and the thinking behind second-wave feminism, so formative for the baby-boom generation, had unintended effects. Together they created"
2008	NF	SexualParadoxMen	"again! "" I had unwittingly touched a sore spot. Apparently in "" choice feminism "" women are free to choose whatever jobs appeal to them -- to work part-time"
