YEAR	TYPE	SOURCE	CONTEXT
1815	FIC	FalseShame	. AdelaideRuns to meet him Dear papa! the south wind has brought a terrible influenza into your garden. Everything pairs. Everything will marry. Bar. Baroness So
1832	MAG	NewEngMag	"men whom death has this season claimed, under the agency of colds and "" Influenza, "" is to be ranked STEPHEN GIRARD, the celebrated Banker. He died"
1832	NF	DissertationOn	"says, that at Philadelphia it was equally ineffectual, in preserving its votaries from influenza and yellow fever. Excuse ourselves as we may, it is at best a"
1834	FIC	KentuckianInNew	", it's a fact; it seems to be goin about now like the influenza and the cholera, and the parsons are dragged about like country doctors in a"
1834	FIC	AuthorFromTheAtlantic	"and had taken the most undisguised method of blasting my hopes. A most diabolical influenza had for some time raged in the city, which on this very evening seemed"
1838	FIC	CharcoalSketches	"deserves a medal from the faculty for cutting out doctor's work, especially in influenza times. The straps and buckles of Duberly's resolution will not hold, no"
1838	FIC	CharcoalSketches	"The theatrical mania was by no means prevalent. It went and came like the influenza, sometimes carrying off its victims; but they were not multitudinous. Our actors"
1840	FIC	LifeInTheClouds	"would with pleasure, but, I grieve to say, I've got the influenza. Ixion. Ixion Ah, that's the way -- You singers always want"
1842	FIC	CareerPufferHopkins	"a weto message from the presidin' chief of these United States, and a influenza is equally fatal to the woice of the news-boy. Then there's you,"
1843	FIC	VariousWritings	"that a weto message from the presidin' chief of these United States and a influenza, is equally fatal to the woice of the newsboy. Then there's you"
1850	FIC	LorgnetteStudies	"influence may be likened (to carry out our medical typography) to a mild influenza, characterized by frequent sneezings, to which old ladies are peculiarly subject, and"
1850	MAG	NorthAmRev	"hroken out at different times, and after raging for a while, like the influenza, have then subsided with quite as little effect as the influenza would have produced"
1850	MAG	NorthAmRev	", like the influenza, have then subsided with quite as little effect as the influenza would have produced upon the general constitution of the patient. If any one should"
1851	NF	PersonalMemoirs	", that in the sudden change of habits he had been affected with a dreadful influenza. My own health continued to be unimpaired, and my spirits were buoyant."
1853	FIC	PrismaticsByRichard	"mine, and pressed it very hard. Poor Rowley! At this time the influenza was prevalent in our part of the town, sometimes attended with all the symptoms"
1854	FIC	LifeSayingsMrs	"Easy, 123 Carried away with Music, 124 Mrs. Partington in Trouble, 125 Influenza, 126 An Answer, 126 Mutton Custard, 127 The "" Religious Test,"
1854	FIC	LifeSayingsMrs	"Mrs. Partington calmly "" digested "" her cap on her head and went in. INFLUENZA. "" I declare, I b'lieve I' m going to have the influwednesday"
1855	NF	EightYearsWanderings	". Ceylon does not descend to second-class diseases: there is no such thing as influenza; whooping-cough, measles, scarlatina, etc., are rarely, if ever,"
1858	FIC	LucyHowardsJournal	"been more frequent than usual, many of our acquaintances having suffered from an epidemic influenza, whose effects are singularly debilitating. Among them has been Emily; and in"
1860	MAG	NorthAmRev	"; and he had nearly attained his eighty-second year when he was attacked by the influenza, at that time an epidemic in England. The attack proved fatal, and"
1863	FIC	HannahThurston	"Woodbury, in spite of himself, that he was suffering under an attack of influenza. Mr. Dyce, who adroitly managed to keep the left side of his face"
1864	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"manager; but about four good voices belonging to people that could not afford the influenza. ADA ISAACS MKNKEN and her husband, Orpheus C. Kerr, leave this morning"
1866	MAG	Atlantic	"thinks it too great an effort for her. She has had an attack of influenza, not very severe, but you know she is never very strong, and"
1866	MAG	Atlantic	"must have. eyes, that I left swollen and downcast, Fanny's "" influenza, "" I now discovwere raised large and bright. But as ered, dated"
1867	FIC	MissRavenelsConversion	"went half mad in their desire for cotton. Cotton was a contagion, an influenza, a delirium. In the height of this excitement a corpulent, baldish,"
1867	FIC	MissRavenelsConversion	etc. -- were going in for cotton on the strength of Government deposits. The influenza had caught the Colonel; indeed it was enough to corrupt any man's honesty
1867	NF	DrainingProfit	"in London and the surrounding parts than they were in the country generally, and influenza and ague poisons are very nearly allied in their effects. Marsh miasms are conveyed"
1868	FIC	KittysClassDay	"set every one a twirling, nor stage madness, nor yet that American lecturing influenza which yearly sweeps over the land. No, it was a new disease called"
1870	FIC	Last	", walking bareheaded in the evening air, and Tom condoled with her upon her influenza and sore-throat too sincerely to do justice to the rest of his friends and his"
1871	FIC	MillibankRoger	"when the morning fixed upon for their journey came she was suffering with a prevailing influenza which made the trip impossible for her. She, however, insisted upon Alice"
1871	FIC	SylviasSoldier	"all comes of your hard-heartedness. I've ruined my clothes, and caught the influenza; and it's all for love of you. O Bessie Bray! How"
1871	MAG	Atlantic	"try unwonted things and get up again the habit of eating more; but the influenza, that seized him with such masterful power, held the strong man down till"
1871	MAG	Atlantic	"to half a dozen friends in Boston, he came out very strong. His influenza lifted a little, as he said afterwards, and he took advantage of the"
1871	NEWS	NYT-Ed	"o! the most liberal kind. The Spring is backward and cold, and influenza is prevalent to an extraordinary degree. The Olympic Base-ball Club, of Washington,"
1873	FIC	Bressant	"there -- him that's going to marry Sophie Valeyon -- and our boy he's down with the influenza,' says he.' I'm you're man!' says I"
1874	FIC	TerribleSecret	"very mortal -- subject to melancholy colds in the head, and depressing attacks of influenza. At the present moment, my patent leather boots are leaking at every pore"
1874	FIC	TerribleSecret	"cold? "" "" I never take cold, "" Miss Darrell answered; "" influenza is an unknown disease. Has the tobacco parliament broken up, that I behold"
1875	MAG	Galaxy	"delicate blooms, Aunt Bell wrote that she had been so worn out with one influenza after another, a touch of pneumonia, and a long siege of rheumatism,"
1875	NF	AdviceMotherOn	"Certainly. Nearly all serious illnesses commence with a shivering fit: severe colds, influenza, inflammations of different organs, scarlet fever, measles, small-pox, and very"
1876	FIC	Ishmael InDepths	"Ishmael's neck, and charged him to hasten home, because she knew that influenza would be lying in wait to seize any loitering pedestrian that night. Ishmael ran"
1878	FIC	NabobVolume12	"lavishly poured forth "" in prize-book phrases by voices suggestive of young roosters with the influenza, called forth emotional blessings, the whining, sickening mummery of a church porch"
1880	NF	Wake-Robin	". His voice always sounds as if he were laboring under a severe attack of influenza, though a large flock of them, heard at a distance on a bright"
1884	FIC	Vagabondia 1884	"; but if you stand there much longer in your bare feet you will have influenza, and then you will have to wear a flannel round your throat, and"
1885	FIC	ByShoreSedge	"say it now. But the flesh is weak, Brother Gideon. "" Her influenza here resolved itself into unmistakable tears, which she wiped away with the first article"
1888	FIC	UncleRutherfords	"or perhaps too innocent to take any heed of such matters. A feverish, influenza cold confined both Allie and mammy to the house for a day or two soon"
1890	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"at 4:20 o'clock this afternoon. The cause was pneumonia, following an attack of influenza. She had suffered from the prevailing. epidemic for three days, and bore"
1892	FIC	ChangeHeart	"13, 1891, where he had gone to recuperate from a bad attack of influenza -- the story of a young girl who decides to "" chaperon "" her mother"
1892	MAG	Atlantic	"little toad now without ima gining that he is carrying the seeds of catarrh or influenza to some delicate invalid. We stayed at the old tavern on the Merrimac,"
1892	MAG	Atlantic	"unfortunately for printers in this difficulty, Lafayette had chosen to die of an "" influenza, "" which disease was at that moment asserting // itself under that name in"
1894	FIC	BeauBrummell	"is to be revived. It returns to us every year like Spring and the influenza. Sheridan. Richard Brinsley Sheridan Regretfully. Yes, but it won't be"
1896	FIC	Writings [1896-1914]	"'' soft influence' here is, I wist, Replaced by the harsh influenza; And now, lady sweet, I must bid thee' good-night,'"
1896	NEWS	NYT-Ed	There is all the difference between them that there is between an annoying attack of influenza and a stroke of paralysis. As to Mr. MCKINLEY'S record on the silver
1897	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"were on hand early this morning. He is suffering with a mild attack of influenza, and was confined to his bed until this evening, when the family physician"
1897	NEWS	NYT-Reg	". McKinley is not seriously ill, but is suffering with a mild attack of influenza. His pulse - and temperature are now normal. He must not receive callers"
1898	NF	WilliamEwartGladstone	"body of Anglo-Catholic doctrine he had imbibed as an undergraduate. After an attack of influenza which had left him very weak in the spring of 1891, he endangered his"
1899	MAG	Atlantic	"his library, dressed in a flannel wrapper, and was suffering from an // influenza. By his side, upon a low stool, stood a tray with whiskey"
1903	FIC	HorsesNine	"him. It might have been regret, perhaps it was only a touch of influenza. The driver, too, saw the turnout and gazed after it. But"
1903	MAG	Harpers	"perishing for want of fodder. Farther to the south whole villages were stricken with influenza, and people were dying every day. The last tribe we visited were the"
1906	FIC	Doomsman	"you, however, that standing so long in this chilly air may mean the influenza for me. By the Shining One! if we keep on like this the"
1906	MAG	Nation	"bootblacking, scouring soap, baking powder, ready-to-wear clothes, grape juice, and influenza cures. But the change of subject matter should blind, no one to a"
1907	FIC	Shuttle	"under the circumstances, would have allowed themselves a week or so of headache or influenza, but Milly did not. She made calls in the new frocks, and"
1907	FIC	Convert	malice.' You didn't care two pins about your Cousin Mary and her influenza.' Vida moved her expressionless face a little to the right.' I
1907	MAG	Nation	"squirrel, and not the rat, disseminated diphtheria, and that the chickadee brought influenza in his beak, we can imagine that their tasks would have been much harder"
1908	NEWS	NYT-Let	"of this date, and realize the value of suggestions made by him to prevent influenza and pneumonia. But how many of the 1,202 deaths from pneumonia in New York"
1909	MAG	Harpers	". The abatement of infectious diseases of the respiratory tract, such as pneumonia, influenza, and the "" great white plague, "" tuberculosis, offers problems of greater"
1909	NF	PreventableDiseases	"provide a ready-made hothouse for the cultivation and transmission from one to another of the influenza and other bacilli. As the brilliant young English pulmonary expert, Dr. Leonard VVil"
1909	NF	PreventableDiseases	", such as pneumonia, typhoid, tuberculosis, scarlet fever, measles, and influenza. It has nothing whatever to do with either external or internal temperature; for"
1909	NF	PreventableDiseases	"to 105?. This method of attack is especially common, not only in influenza, but also in all the other so-called "" common colds. "" In fact"
1909	NF	PreventableDiseases	"remained up in the mountains or out in the snow, and no case of influenza, sore throat, or cold happened to be brought into the camp, they"
1909	NF	PreventableDiseases	"for the positive side. First of all, that typical cold of colds, influenza, or the grip, is now unanimously admitted by authorities to be a pure"
1909	NF	PreventableDiseases	", beginning, as do nearly all our world-epidemics,? cholera, plague, influenza, etc.,? in China, and spreading, via India or Turkestan,"
1909	NF	PreventableDiseases	"a rather interesting state of affairs developed during the search for the true bacillus of influenza: this was that a dozen other bacilli and cocci were discovered, each of"
1910	MAG	PopSci	"rheumatic affections, diseases that result from colds and chills, pneumonia, bronchitis, influenza, diphtheria, whooping cough, are all common in climates with sudden marked temperature"
1910	MAG	PopSci	"greater variability of temperature. Many contagious or infectious diseases, such as diphtheria, influenza, measles and scarlet fever, for example, are also more common in the"
1911	NF	LettersGeorgeBorrow	"of la grippe, or, as it is styled in English, the' influenza.' I am, however, by the blessing of the Almighty, perfectly"
1913	MAG	Harpers	"Court bench, the National Road, the lyceum movement, and an epidemic of influenza. At a time when Congress was not in session? October 7, 1831 -- the"
1914	FIC	Penrod	"of the bottle various powders from small pink papers, relics of Mr. Schofield's influenza of the preceding winter. Sam examined the combination with concern, appearing unsatisfied."
1914	FIC	AdesFables	"the Tenderloin they moved on to Europe, where they were just as welcome as Influenza. It was great to sit in the Savoy at the Supper Hour, surrounded"
1915	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"that his doctor ordered complete seclusion following a nervous breakdown. and an attack of influenza, bi, t announced that Mr. Ford, with his wife, would join"
1917	MAG	GoodHouse	"their surgical fever germs out of cuts and scratches; keep foul air with its influenza, pneumonia. and tubercle bacilli out of the nose; keep spoiled food and"
1917	MAG	Atlantic	", day and night, having no desire to take cold and to get the influenza. The same cause forced me to command a bath that will stand in one"
1918	MAG	Nation	"at this time was really necessary. And to crown all, the ravages of influenza completely disorganized ordinary life in important sections of the country and crippled the machinery set"
1918	MAG	NewRepublic	"from me told about her "" gentleman friend. "" He was taken with the influenza, and when at his request she went to Bellevue Hospital to see him,"
1918	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"raids that are made upon them from this side of No Man's Land. Influenza and other epidemics have' helped lower their vitality and weaken their fighting spirit,"
1918	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"defensive power. Their program of speed has been slowed down by an epidemic of Influenza, which hit them badly several weeks ago and spread with such virulence that many"
1918	NEWS	NYT-Ed	in stores and? factories and schools. In some cities and towns where the influenza seems to be malignant the schools and many places of amusement have been closed.
1918	NEWS	NYT-Ed	"In Oswego, where about 15 per cent. of the population is down with influenza, the Health Board has acted vigorously.' We have said that the authorities"
1918	NEWS	NYT-Ed	"the supply of skilled nurses is so low that many patients, dangerously ill with influenza, must be left? to the care of members of the family, who"
1919	FIC	ValleyVisionBook	"the Commandant as if they were swear-words. "" What the devil is this new influenza that has struck the hospital? Steward, you will provide what the head nurse"
1919	MAG	Atlantic	", dysentery, typhoid, or malaria, and finally with a terrible kind of influenza which, we have since heard, swept practically the whole world. Some people"
1919	MAG	Atlantic	"God in this world with us. Two weeks ago Charley, just over the influenza, was forced to leave for Boise. Three of the children were in bed"
1919	MAG	Atlantic	"forced to leave for Boise. Three of the children were in bed with the influenza, and the day after he left, the last, Charles took it."
1919	MAG	Atlantic	he woke with the fever. That day I began to have the symptoms of influenza? you know that long shuddery chill down your spine that is not affected by
1919	MAG	Atlantic	"family have had to spend from a week to two weeks in bed with the influenza while I nursed them, cooked, washed, ironed, etc., I have"
1919	MAG	Atlantic	that job. 0 ye of little faith! I had faith to cure my influenza; but to cure the meat from two hogs? I thought I had it
1919	MAG	Harpers	list of paVOL. CXX X TX.? No. 832. - 59tients at a time when influenza was raging in her district. She went about in a car which she drove
1919	MAG	Harpers	saved the lives of many women and children in time of plague? for the influenza reached the height of plague? and did not lose her sense of humor or
1919	MAG	Harpers	"next to a wounded officer taken in a recent battle. His assumed complaint was influenza; yet he received full diet, and his temperature remained normal while he lay"
1919	MAG	Harpers	"great increase in malaria, and other simi? lar factors. We must include influenza as at least contributed to, if not caused by, war. The excess"
1919	NEWS	NYT-Ed	"the big social family, intimately known and steadily helpful. When the epidemic of influenza came, the Social Unit met it in the first attack;. the death"
1911	NF	StudiesInModern	"fortifications and sent him back to Rome. At Rome he fell in with the influenza, and for some time suffered from the depression which is usually caused by that"
1911	NF	CriticismsPractice	"any organism has been proved. The influence of various infections such as gonorrhoea, influenza, etc., is important. Some writers have reported a large proportion of cases"
1919	NF	WarRomanceSalvation	sailed for France with a party of Salvationists about the time that the epidemic of influenza broke out all over the world. Even before the steamer reached the quarantine station
1919	NF	WarRomanceSalvation	"steamer reached the quarantine station in New York harbor a number of cases of Spanish influenza had developed among the several companies of soldiers who were aboard, a number of"
1919	NF	WarRomanceSalvation	Captain went on ahead to the Home Land not long after when the epidemic of influenza swept over the world; and he was given the honor of a military funeral
1919	NF	FarmerNewDay	"of San Francisco alone, nor yellow fever of New Orleans alone, nor Spanish influenza of Boston alone, but that any plague spot, no matter how small,"
1920	FIC	ThisSideParadise	"surely had never thought of him... if it wasn't appendicitis, influenza maybe. What? One Hundred and Twentieth Street? That must have been One"
1920	FIC	TorchyAsAPa	Less than a week after that I was laid up with a beastly siege of influenza which came near finishing me. I was shipped back to a base hospital and
1920	FIC	Possessed	"one suspected that the illness which kept her away from her work was anything but influenza, and -- well, the child didn't live, "" she concluded abruptly as she"
1920	FIC	PrairieMother	"that? "" "" She wrote to me from New York. She's had influenza, and it left her with a wheezy tube and a spot on her lungs"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"19200127_4 txt The statement of new influenza cases reported in this city, given out yesterday by the Department of Health,"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"an Increase. Eighty-eight deaths from pneumonia were reported yesterday and seventy-five on Sunday. Influenza deaths- reported were forty-three, an increase - of thirteen over the Sunday report... New"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"We are anxious to hav4 the straps and backs of the seats frequently cleansed. Influenza is a hand-conveyed disease, and unless every precaution is taken the transportation lines truly"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"and examined by a doctor. "" If it is found that the child has influenza, he is sent home, under the care of the Board of Health,"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"So much ceiltroversy has arisen over the use of whiskey' in the treatment of influenza and pneumonia and Dr. Copeland has received so many letters, praising and criticizing him"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"outside the State.. and abroad regarding my attitude toward the use of whiskey in influenza that I consider It necessary to make a formal statement. "" All through the epidemic"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"and up to the present moment I have never recommended whiskey as a preventive of influenza: Personally, i do not consider it of any value in the prevention and"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"i do not consider it of any value in the prevention and treatment? of influenza. "" There are certain stages of pneumonia where stimulation is necessary and many reputable"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"sent nurses here. The aid of the moving. picture has been enlisted against influenza. President? WilliAm A. Brady, of the National Association of the Motion Picture"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"Transfers Between Institutions Stopped. Six keepers and fifty-one male prisoners in the Tombs have influenza, but none of the thirty-six women prisoners has yet been attacked. All the"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"Warden John J. Hanley having no available men left for the work. "" The influenza undoubtedly was brought into the prison by some late arrivals, "" said Warden Hanley"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	Bellevue last night showed that during the week ended at 9 o'clock 410 cases of influenza and pneumonia had been admitted for treatment. Of these 378 have been assigned to
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	". o; having difficulty in getting whisky for patients. "" We have the influenza epidemic with us and so is nrohibition, "" he? said. ""'"
1921	FIC	RuthFieldingIn	"confinement better than the white men. Some of the ex-show people died in that influenza epidemic the second year of the war. But old Totantora was pretty husky,"
1921	FIC	ShieldSilence	"success, something occurred that changed all their lives. It was the epidemic of influenza. The shrouded and menacing Thing approached like the plague that it was to prove"
1921	FIC	ShieldSilence	"settled in New York by the first of June -- -- "" Emily Tweksbury had fled the influenza and gone to Bermuda only to fall victim to pneumonia. Kenneth Raymond had been"
1921	MAG	Atlantic	"genes. osity and idealism of the dead, we bate moral collapse, revolutionary influenza, industrial chaos, and an orgy of extrava. gance. In politics, in"
1921	MAG	Atlantic	"a zigzag course over a lonely sea. It was at the time of the influenza epidemic, and almost every ship kept a funeral flag flying all the way."
1921	MAG	Nation	"war, though the country itself lost millions of. souls (six millions from influenza alone in six months) from disease and distress. Victory came and was immediately"
1922	FIC	OneManInHisTime	"the first year of the war. Kent Page had died in Prance of Spanish influenza before he ever saw a trench or a battlefield; and Rose Stribling, all"
1922	FIC	DaysPoorRichard	"Hardly a man was dressed for cold weather. Hundreds were shivering and coughing with influenza. "" When I look at these men I can not help thinking how small"
1922	FIC	SundryAccounts	"she went away. It was four days later that she sickened of the Spanish influenza, so called. It was not Spanish and not influenza, though by any"
1922	FIC	SundryAccounts	"sickened of the Spanish influenza, so called. It was not Spanish and not influenza, though by any other name it would have been as deadly in its devastating"
1922	MAG	Atlantic	"badly managed monsoons, just as American administrations are blamed for bad harvests and the influenza. When all is duly considered, there is much truth in the British assertion"
1922	MAG	Atlantic	"ant on double duty now, because nurses are so scarce on account of the influenza. I am doing my best. Usually, when you stir, I waken"
1923	FIC	BlackOxen	; he continued to show her a frank and friendly devotion until an attack of influenza sent him to the hospital for a month; when he accepted the friendly intervention
1923	FIC	BlackOxen	"his regiment; and when he had left the hospital after a serious attack of influenza it had been for the house in Gramercy Park, where he could have remained"
1923	MAG	Time	"of respiratory diseases; have multiplied. The use of chlorine as a preventive of influenza at the University of Arkansas has been described (TIME, April 14)."
1923	MAG	Time	", have had striking results with chlorine in very dilute quantities as a preventive of influenza, pneumonia and common colds. By accident it was discovered that workers in departments"
1924	MAG	Time	greater of two evils. # A new powder. Dr. Felton since the general influenza epidemic of 1918-19 has been working with a commission organized by the Metropolitan Life Insurance
1924	MAG	Time	"organized by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. in an attempt to find a remedy for influenza. Although he has not conquered influenza, he has found a serum for the"
1924	MAG	Time	"in an attempt to find a remedy for influenza. Although he has not conquered influenza, he has found a serum for the most dreaded concomitant of that disease-the pneumonia"
1924	MAG	Time	concomitant of that disease-the pneumonia which often put a fatal termination to a case of influenza. # In his research work Dr. Felton took the unpurified serum as it was
1924	MAG	Time	"when it appeared in Europe and North America in the wake of the epidemic of influenza in 1917-18, and it has been noticeable in England only for the last five"
1924	MAG	Time	"were recorded in Central Europe in 1712, and it followed, also, the influenza outbreak of 1890. # It is probably not communicable. In the U. S."
1924	MAG	PopSci	"lower in 1925 than in 1924, there was an increase in the rate for influenza and pneumonia, which is frequently aggravated by alcohol; a marked increase in diabetes"
1925	MAG	Atlantic	"a separate problem. New diseases have a special fascination. New diseases, like influenza, catch them unprepared. They have little to offer to those armies of people"
1925	MAG	Atlantic	to be damned and thrown on the dump-heap? Providence removed the auditor during an influenza epidemic not long after my visit to him. The unconcealed gayety that met the
1925	MAG	Atlantic	". He enlisted as a private, but was a lieutenant-colonel when he died of influenza and overwork in 1918. Naturally the ignorance of our private soldiers was of an"
1926	MAG	Harpers	"whole world. It was because Europe and America were indifferent to the existence of influenza centers in Asia that this disease could later spread to all the world, causing"
1927	MAG	Time	163949 Since late November influenza has been increasing throughout western Europe at so alarming a rate that public health officials
1927	MAG	Time	"Health Service. Said Assistant Surgeon General Claude Connor Pierce: "" We have the influenza scare every year, and we find that it is present again in a mild"
1927	MAG	Time	"We admit we are powerless to act against it, because the actual cause of influenza has never been determined. The advice we give anyone suffering from a cold or"
1927	MAG	Time	"reports are compiled and then relayed to worried, watchful Western officials. But this influenza spread caught the League unawares by starting, apparently, in Spain, just as"
1927	MAG	Time	"the League unawares by starting, apparently, in Spain, just as did the influenza pandemic of 1918-19. Last week the League relayed wireless health reports of European,"
1927	MAG	Time	"almost human. He died in the swamps of La Pompelle in 1917, of influenza. He always remembered and acted strangely several hours in advance of an attack when"
1927	MAG	Harpers	"the rates were first fairly stationary and then rose regularly up to the war and influenza years, 1917 and 1918, when figures above 153 per 100,000 were reached."
1927	MAG	Harpers	"1917 and 1918, when figures above 153 per 100,000 were reached. Following the influenza epidemic, the three years 1919, 1920, and 1921 were years of comparatively"
1927	MAG	Harpers	"large measure, the result of the epidemic itself. Physicians everywhere noted that the influenza was very often fatal to those who had been suffering from serious heart affections."
1927	MAG	Harpers	"fatal to those who had been suffering from serious heart affections. Many died of influenza in 1918 and 1919 who, in the ordinary course of events, would have"
1927	MAG	Harpers	"slightly each year, bringing the figures back to what they were immediately before the influenza period and even beyond. The general impression given by these figures and which is"
1928	MAG	Time	"163171 Emergency. On Friday, April 20, Floyd Bennett suffering from influenza flew to the assistance of the Bremen crew. When he arrived in Lake Ste."
1928	MAG	Time	"of relapse is over "" and review in detail stomach, heart and "" paratyphoid influenza "" symptoms, which had contributed to the disorder. # Throughout the crisis,"
1928	MAG	Time	"sunny paths in the grounds of the Washington hospital where he has been sick with influenza. # George Sisler, once the greatest first baseman in the American League,"
1928	MAG	Time	"her mother, Mrs. Lemira Goodhue, was stronger but not fully recovered from protracted influenza. # Whang! Crack! Crash! Crumple! At 4 o'clock one morning"
1928	MAG	Time	"be translated'' Eternal Happiness. "" # An epidemic of 500,000 cases of influenza is raging in Japan. So said despatches featured last week by the U. S."
1928	MAG	Time	"the red Georgia earth to clay. Manager Walter Johnson, drawn and underweight from influenza, sat on a bench in plain clothes and a raincoat and watched the Giants"
1928	MAG	Time	to say I-told-you-so declared firmly that Chancellor Churchill had a seemingly not dangerous case of influenza but must not stir abroad for at least a week. # In the Commons
1928	MAG	Time	"of disease through congestion. Although many diseases have decreased, colds, pneumonias, influenza, respiratory diseases are steadily on the increase. New diseases will probably develop."
1928	MAG	Time	"in date: the ponies of the Argentines have been increasingly coughing, suffering from influenza and laryngitis. So afflicted, ponies become weak, nervous, unpleasantly humored."
1928	MAG	Time	"cabled the national organization that over 60 nurses might be necessary to cope with the influenza, typhoid and malaria epidemics from which 20,000 are ill. Education was another phase"
1928	MAG	Time	"last week, because he was suffering, in Los Angeles, an attack of influenza. #"
1928	MAG	Time	"in his great bed at Buckingham Palace, silently and bravely fighting the bacilli of influenza and pleurisy. # Impressive and memorable was the tribute paid by His Majesty's"
1928	MAG	Time	", twisted tortures of their bodies. # No such macabre romancing is possible with influenza epidemics. They are extensive, exasperating to the medical profession, sometimes desolating."
1928	MAG	Time	. But even when their death toll is enormous they make no lurid history. Influenza is too subtle a disease to lend itself to ghastly poetics. # In the
1928	MAG	Time	"the past weeks nationwide sniffling, coughing and dull fevers have heralded the spread of influenza. Unlike the famed epidemic of 1918, the disease spread from west to east."
1928	MAG	Time	"Service saw no cause for panicky fears. In 1918 about 450,000 persons died of influenza. Last week 43 out of 78 principal cities reported the comparatively small death total"
1928	MAG	Time	"379. Everywhere the disease was mild, not virulent. The mortality rate for influenza is low. Some specialists maintain that death never occurs unless there are complications."
1928	MAG	Time	", exercise, avoidance of crowds. # They could do little else. The influenza bacillus has never been isolated. Hence a specific cure or preventative has yet to"
1928	MAG	Time	"# # * Pandemics (worldwide epidemics) generally move westward. The U. S. influenza epidemic in 1918 was part of a pandemic, supposedly having its origin in Spain"
1928	MAG	Time	"War was Eugene Debs. He said that all we got out of it was influenza and the income tax. "" # Paradoxical for an advertising agent whose business it"
1928	MAG	Time	"call an "" epidemic "" breaks out in the U.S. One season it will be influenza; another season, student suicides; another season, inventions for television or color"
1928	MAG	Time	"la Chicago she had intended to sing but instead she took to her bed with influenza, cancelled all future engagements. When newsmen asked Harvester Harold Fowler McCormick if his"
1928	MAG	Harpers	"who had been called in to see a member of my family. Except for influenza and the haps of the late War, I have not passed a day in"
1928	MAG	Harpers	"owned a bottle of medicine for my personal use in twenty-one years except quinine for influenza. Of course, in Red Cross Hospitals I was made to take things which"
1928	MAG	Harpers	was such a nice fellow!? prescribed belladonna for me for the sequelx of influenza. My eyesight became so blurred that I went to an oculist who accused me
1929	MAG	Time	"President's good friend and campaign supporter, ill for weeks following an attack of influenza (TIME, Oct. 14). Back from Ohio, President Hoover again visited"
1929	MAG	Time	"Shaw hesitated for just one day, last week, when her 72-year-old husband caught influenza, and then, despite his protests, called a physician. # The husband"
1929	MAG	Time	"as ever, despite dismal rains. His two pilots and mechanic were hospitalized with influenza. The party flew south down Africa to Cape Town, is now working its"
1929	MAG	Time	"last week, in Paris, five days after he had taken to bed with influenza. As Chief Interpreter of the Paris Peace Conference, the Washington Conference, and"
1929	MAG	Time	", smiled at wisecracks about Manuel and died in Paris of a throat infection following influenza. The Amelia was sold to U.S. Oilman Henry Clay Pierce who renamed her the"
1929	MAG	Time	"In a San Bernardino health resort Cody, in bed with a nervous breakdown following influenza, was kept ignorant, for a similar reason, that there was anything the"
1929	MAG	Time	"for 30 minutes. He had taken his place in the shell though ill with influenza. # The victory was the sixth straight for Cambridge, the ninth in ten"
1929	MAG	Time	livers of older animals in stimulating the formation of blood in pernicious anemia. # Influenza germ reported discovered.
1929	MAG	Time	"reported in the entire country. At the same period there were 676 deaths from influenza and pneumonia, much less than last year. # This relatively light incidence of"
1929	MAG	Time	"and pneumonia, much less than last year. # This relatively light incidence of influenza has not, however, abated fear of and interest in this respiratory disease."
1929	MAG	Time	"same problem, said: "" Proving that one has discovered the true germ of influenza is in reproducing the disease in man or in animals by this germ in pure"
1929	MAG	Time	"for at least the tenth time in five years, that the causative organism of influenza has been discovered and that it is hoped to prepare a vaccine. There is"
1929	MAG	Time	"... A very thoughtful piece of work, whether or not he has found the influenza germ. """
1929	MAG	Time	", chills, sore muscles. But many other diseases show the same symptoms (influenza, for example). After the acute stage a paralysis usually develops, most"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"the present epidemic so that the doctors can get whisky for their patients who have influenza. "" "" Dr. Gustav G. Fisch said that such a resolution was not necessary"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	to suspend the regulation I predict that there would be a million cases of' influenza' in New York City tomorrow. They would be lined up in front of
1920	NEWS	Chicago	the lives of the two Luikart children last Octo. ber. Following an attack of influenza the child was given a prescription containing bichloride of mercury. The prescription was given
1920	NEWS	Chicago	"herself, but lacked the courage. she said. The little girl was With influenza. Financial worries had temporarily unbalanced her mind, Airs. Favro said. She"
1920	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"the heart. In a moment it had spread all over the house like Spanish influenza. Even William Jennings Bryan, present as a reporter, wore a forgiving smile"
1920	NEWS	Chicago	"home, last night. "" She had been weakened by an attack of the influenza, and the shock was more than she could stand. "" The funeral of"
1920	NEWS	Chicago	"Return This Fall, Warning by Dr. Robertson Health Commissioner John Dill Robertson believes an influenza epidemic will recur in Chicago th:ti fall. In a warning issued: yesterday ho"
1920	NEWS	Chicago	"are ready to serve. Good nursing, s the mast powerful weapon to combat influenza. It accomplishes more than oil the medicine-in the world. "" Statistics show influenza"
1920	NEWS	Chicago	"influenza. It accomplishes more than oil the medicine-in the world. "" Statistics show influenza recurs at ntervals of thirty years and lasts four 4uccessive winters."
1920	NF	MargotAsquithAutobiography -	"just now found the time, during my long days and nights in bed with influenza and bronchitis, to read Marie Bashkirtseff? (Did ever name so puzzling grow"
1923	NEWS	WallStJrnl	"of $12,314,242. In each year, with exception of 1918, due to the influenza epidemic, a handsome margin has been earned above dividend require. meats which has"
1926	NEWS	NYT-Ed	"and during the war she went into places filled even with lepers. When the influenza epidemic was at its height she went where many men hesitated to go, where"
1926	NF	AnimalHusbandry	"watering trough, hitching sheds, livery stables, and the like. 232. Influenza appears as a catarrhal inflammation of the respiratory and other mucous membranes. It is"
1927	NEWS	Chicago	"to live were erroneous, according to his aunt. He had been 111 with influenza and was sent to California for his health. ito returned to Chicago last July"
1929	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"with her former husband, who died in Paris on Aug. 17, 1920. of influenza. She has an 18-year-old daughter, who has been studying abroad and who will"
1930	FIC	AngelPavement	"lavishly sow all the ills that townsmen know, colds, indigestion, rheumatism, influenza, bronchitis, pneumonia, and are indeed the industrious hirelings of Death. """
1930	MAG	Time	"ever given out, although the company admits that the all-time highs were during the influenza epidemics when stocks reached zero and caskets had to be recalled from non-flu districts."
1930	MAG	NatGeog	"approach. A member of the Anglican mission here was aiding many natives stricken with influenza. It was a | dismal camp. Its wreckage of a race, like"
1930	MAG	Harpers	the average as has been claimed. The main causes of disability among teachers were influenza and bronchitis and nervous diseases. The data did not permit us to state definitely
1930	MAG	Harpers	of weather which inevitably accompany rural and small-town practice more than counterbalance their assets. Influenza and pneumonia are very common causes of death and explain in part the high mortality
1931	FIC	HalfLoaf	"in you oftener. And now I shall never see you again. "" Spanish influenza descended upon America with all the stealth and virulence of a Medieval Black Plague."
1931	MAG	Time	"even a cleverer man would have understood. When his consequent breakdown, complicated with influenza, failed to bring him Death, he married faithful Alice-leaving the story a sadder"
1931	MAG	NatGeog	". Doctor Rebec, during his launch voyage on Great Slave Lake, had contracted influenza froth the Indians. The pallor in his face now caused me alarm. We"
1932	NEWS	NYT-Ed	directing the illegal drug traffic. He masked his operations with s Complaints that modern Influenza jazz is irritating enough Set to to induce a nervous headMusic. ache or an attack
1932	NEWS	NYT-Ed	"situation and find a disease honored with a musical interpretation is a rarity. With influenza as his theme, a Canadian doctor has written a piece of music in symphonic"
1932	NEWS	NYT-Ed	", a Canadian doctor has written a piece of music in symphonic form called "" Influenza -- a Tone Poem. "" The manuscript is exhibited in Toronto as part of"
1932	NEWS	NYT-Ed	"stately and noble "" measures of the finale. If the popular success of "" Influenza "" depends on the number, of people who have suffered from attacks of it"
1933	FIC	FaultAngels	"a foreigner. "" Questa bella pays del Spain, Espagne, facere una marvavillosa influenza (influence) sur tutti cosi degli arti. Er hat des affaires politicos qui"
1933	FIC	Harpers	of a beast. The next day the chill had left and she had no influenza. She was pale and tired but no longer ill. She told her mother
1933	FIC	Harpers	"his sister works in a shop in the city. His mother died of the influenza a year and a half ago. "" The woman took the boy's feet"
1933	FIC	RavenelleRiddle	"days ago, and was confined to his home with a severe case of summer influenza. His name was John Watkins, and he lived at ro Baron's Court"
1933	FIC	RavenelleRiddle	"As you know, Mr. Watkins had been seriously ill with a bout of summer influenza. His lungs were greatly congested, and he suffered a great deal of pain"
1933	FIC	LastAdam	"patients. "" "" Quite a few. It looks like a mild form of influenza, whatever that is. I'm damned if I know how to help them"
1933	FIC	LastAdam	"except see how it comes out. It takes a lot of forms, this influenza. For all we could do about it, some specially bad sort might start"
1933	FIC	LastAdam	"'s the trouble? "" "" No trouble yet. You're probably getting this influenza I hear so much about. "" "" Bunk. It's something I ate"
1933	FIC	LastAdam	"had not quite dared ask Doctor Verney how long what he called a touch of influenza might last, but her misery had a solid permanence which could easily mean a"
1933	FIC	LastAdam	"any trifling infection hits her harder than some people. It's grippe, or influenza -- loose term, but what else can you say? Temperature about one hundred"
1933	MAG	ReadersDigest	"preceding decade when, because of the World' %1'; u- and the influenza epidemic, it was the lowest for any 10-year period in the history of the"
1933	MAG	GoodHouse	"'ve been paying for the medicines we used during our last attacks of grippe and influenza, and spending well over half a billion annually for aspirin, quinine, and"
1933	MAG	SatEvePost	"groin. In addition to the injury, Dan had contracted a severe case of influenza. Mrs. Ruggles did not mind helping me bathe and care for Dan's wound"
1933	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"brain. "". It seemed to him that Schaaf, who recently recovered from influenza, was not in perfect condition, having a "" superfluity of subcutaneous fat."
1934	FIC	WorkArt	""" Oh my Lord! "" wailed Myron, as his head cracked. "" Influenza "" or ""' flu "" is one of those back-attic words into which is"
1934	FIC	Harpers	"Oliver thought he was dying. Actually it was only a fairly mild attack of influenza, but Oliver wasn't accustomed to being ill; and like other men of"
1934	MAG	Time	tat. # On last New Year's Day citizens of Tokyo were dying of influenza at the rate of 90 per day. General Araki caught it. As the
1934	MAG	Time	"Later the pair were reported to have married one man. The 1918 epidemic of influenza killed them, aged 40, while in Chicago. # Violet Hilton was the"
1935	FIC	EdnaHisWife	"he said, of eating at hotels. She was no sooner settled than the influenza epidemic broke over Washington in fury, creating fearful havoc in the overcrowded town."
1935	FIC	EdnaHisWife	"the Cadillacwith thermos bottles of hot soup and thin gruel, and, donninga white influenza mask that was saturated in carbolic acid, went into the dreary boarding-houses. In"
1935	FIC	EdnaHisWife	"the railroad station. The city seemed plague-stricken. Some timorous citizens wore white gauze influenza masks in stores and in office buildings, and even on the streets. But"
1935	FIC	WeAreBetrayed	the men in this camp. They were dying now like hogs with cholera. Influenza had struck here. Half the soldiers were stretched out on cots and some had
1935	FIC	Harpers	"weakly mused, was the reason for her little triumph last night! She had influenza or something like it; and the first weakening had given her some pathetic,"
1935	MAG	SatEvePost	"Sunday the family and house guests are recorded as driving in three carriages. The influenza epidemic kept the President from church in October, church services being suspended. The"
1935	NF	GeneralPrinciples	", bandit, banjo, contralto, duel, duet, granite, gurgle, influenza, macaroni, malaria, milliner, motto, opera, piano(forte), soda,"
1936	FIC	Hurricane	"in the same plot, as well as two children who had died in the influenza epidemic of 1918. Tavi joined the little group in silence, looking on as"
1936	FIC	Harpers	"-- you just added up the yes's and subtracted the not's; and influenza, or worse, was the obvious answer. Should she or should she not"
1936	MAG	Time	"research, mice for cancer and monkeys for poliomyelitis, so ferrets are invaluable to influenza investigators. Ferret reactions were the basis of Harvard's Dr. William Firth Wells's"
1936	MAG	Time	"infectious agencies change their form in different environments. The question remained: While human influenza could be communicated to ferrets, could ferret influenza be communicated to man? #"
1936	MAG	Time	"The question remained: While human influenza could be communicated to ferrets, could ferret influenza be communicated to man? # Last week an answer reached the U. S. from"
1936	MAG	Time	Stuart-Harris of London's National Institute for Medical Research was scrutinizing some ferrets sick with influenza. One of the little animals sneezed right in the doctor's face. Forty-five
1936	MAG	Time	"right in the doctor's face. Forty-five hours later he was in bed with influenza. Last week Dr. Stuart-Harris was up &; about again, able to proceed on"
1936	MAG	Time	"Stuart-Harris was up &; about again, able to proceed on the assumption that ferret influenza is the same as the malady in man."
1936	MAG	Time	"1919, millions of men, women and children died from a worldwide epidemic of influenza. During the same period many U. S. pigs also died from an epidemic of"
1936	MAG	Time	"pigs also died from an epidemic of a disease which duplicated all the symptoms of influenza in human beings. Stricken swine developed low fever, cough, bronchopneumonia. Last"
1936	MAG	Time	"of Experimental Medicine, that their researches prove "" that swine were originally infected with influenza from man in 1918. "" Human flu has weakened since 1918, pig flu"
1936	MAG	Time	"Joe Mangan, one-time Cornell miler who defeated Cunningham last month, was recovering from influenza. These two were scarcely missed as a cheering crowd watched Venzke dodge Cunningham's"
1936	MAG	Time	"illness in Washington's Walter Reed Hospital. He had suffered a severe attack of influenza in Charleston, S. C. last spring. In July, weakened by kidney trouble"
1936	MAG	SatEvePost	"dazed by a headachy cold. I went home. The cold proved to be influenza, and before I fully recovered I was in Europe. By so narrow a"
1936	NEWS	NYT-Reg	's present case of bronchial catarrh there has been a preliminary cold with symptoms of influenza germs. A constant succession of cold fogs and heavy rains with snow in the
1936	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"'s illness. Their mother, the Duchess of York, is herself ill with influenza at Windsor. Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin, instead of taking his usual weekend at"
1936	NEWS	NYT-Reg	added to the discomfort of thousands who have been suffering from a mild form of influenza. In Pennsylvania twelve buildings in eight scattered cities caved in under the weight of
1936	NEWS	Chicago	"near Warrenton, Va., where he had recovered from. a heart seizure. Influenza complicated his illness, but Dr. Samuel Lambert Jr., his physician, said the"
1936	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"the bedroom of the former Mexican dictator. He was in bed, suffering from influenza. Calles Shows No Surprise Without showing the slightest sign of silrprise General Calles said"
1937	FIC	EnemyGods	"the first illness she had known since our marriage, falling victim to the prevailing influenza and remaining in bed for two weeks. Scarcely had she recovered when her daughter"
1937	FIC	Harpers	"he and his wife were down and had gone to bed with this cursed English influenza. It would be much better, he said, to call the visit to"
1937	FIC	PointsBeyond	his son wanted to forget. | Tommy's father had died in France of influenza in 1918. Tommy would never forget the day the telegram came. His mother
1937	MAG	Time	"(1927-28) Governor of Arkansas, brother-in-law of Senator Joseph Taylor Robinson; of influenza, complicated by heart disease; in Little Rock. Last December he sentenced Paul"
1937	MAG	Time	"of Philadelphia last week announced a novel method of treating pneumonia, rheumatic fever, influenza and childbed fever with injections of emulsified fat. # To explain the logic of"
1937	MAG	Time	spoonful in his mouth. Mr. Lewis swallowed and made a face. He had influenza. Shortly a man left the sickroom. Newshawks in the corridor crowded around him
1937	MAG	Time	"namely, those caused by viruses. Among virus diseases are the common cold, influenza, infantile paralysis, parrot fever. Another disease due to a virus is """
1937	MAG	Time	"infer that the sulfanilamide may be the desperately sought cure for the common cold, influenza, infantile paralysis and the other virus diseases. # One circumstance which prevents doctors"
1937	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"his room, while the C. I. 0. leader who has been ill with influenza, sat up in bed. Those with Mr. Lewis were Wyndham Mortimer, auto"
1938	FIC	Rebecca	"wagon-lit. Mrs. Van Hopper lunched in the restaurant for the first time since her influenza, and I had a pain in the pit of my stomach as I followed"
1938	FIC	Rebecca	"like her smile. "" It was a lucky thing for you I had the influenza, "" she said. "" I realise now how you spent your days,"
1938	MAG	Time	"handling infected animals, drinking unpasteurized milk. In its mild form the disease resembles influenza; severe cases are so similar to typhoid fever, tuberculosis, malaria or rheumatism"
1938	MAG	Time	", 150 Jews were in the same plight. Smaller groups, many stricken with influenza, dotted the area. Carloads of food sent by Prague sympathizers were turned back"
1939	MAG	Time	"an armchair to relieve his coughing spells. # Last week he came down with influenza, suffered a third serious heart attack. Since his physician, Dr. Aminta Milani"
1939	MAG	Time	"Park, 75, specialist in the public health aspects of diphtheria, pneumonia, influenza, tuberculosis, poliomyelitis, sometimes called "" the American Pasteur ""; of a"
1939	MAG	Time	", heart trouble), 12.5% from diseases of the respiratory system (pneumonia, influenza), 12.5% from cancer, 8.5% from kidney disease, the rest from diseases"
1939	MAG	Time	"week, as Dr. Goebbels lay sick abed with what was officially reported as intestinal influenza, Lida Baarova's friendship with the Little Doctor made a sensational tale in the"
1939	MAG	Time	had seen the Little Doctor bundled in thick bandages- not the usual treatment for intestinal influenza. # From The Daily News Syndicate in Switzerland and International News Service in London
1939	MAG	Harpers	the emotional state of the patient. It was perhaps not chance that the great influenza epidemic of 1918 coincided with one of the most anxious periods of the World War
1940	FIC	HeartIsLonelyHunter	The days were chilly and treacherous. In the town there was an outbreak of influenza so that Doctor Copeland was busy most of the hours of the day and night
1941	FIC	ThisOurLife	"arrangements? "" "" That's Dr. Spanger. Dr. Blaford has been down with influenza, but Dr. Spanger, from the hospital, has been like a father to"
1942	FIC	AngelWithSpurs	"new maladies -- those coughs in the darkness were a danger sign. Pneumonia. Influenza. If the weather didn't change, the hospital list would be something to"
1943	FIC	HumanComedy	""" My broder's boy, "" the customer said. "" He's got influenza. He cry -- he want cookies. Cookies, raisins in,' he"
1943	FIC	HumanComedy	"-- poor God give everything -- butnobody happy -- everybody like small boy sick with influenza -- everybody say give me cookies -- raisins in. "" The grocer stopped a"
1944	FIC	FinalHour	"Everyone knew by now that Mrs. Jaeckle had died of pneumonia, during the great influenza epidemic, without ever seeing again her valorous young son already in the trenches in"
1945	FIC	CanneryRow	all it was a terrific month and right in the middle of hi it the influenza epidemic had to break out. It came to the whole town. Mrs. Talbot
1945	FIC	VoyageGoldenHind	clung alone for three days and nights because of the winter gale and a strange influenza that had laid low every man aboard that vessel. In strength of heart and
1945	FIC	WideHouse	his adored Marvina had been taken ill a day or two before with the seasonal influenza. Stuart's buoyant mood awakened him the next morning. He suffered no regrets
1945	FIC	WideHouse	his adored Marvina had been taken ill a day or two before with the seasonal influenza. Stuart's buoyant mood awakened him the next morning. He suffered no regrets
1940	FIC	Harpers	", "" he went on. "" I'm not going to let you get influenza if I can help it. "" Remembering what a good week they had had"
1940	FIC	Harpers	"and at the same time rather disturbed by the thought that it might perhaps be influenza, Mr. Stoyte took off his coat and waistcoat and began to undo his tie"
1940	FIC	Harpers	"Dr. Obispo shook his head and gave him a smile of reassurance. "" No influenza anyhow, "" he said. "" Just a slight intensification of the bronchial condition"
1940	FIC	Harpers	didn't seem to be as clear as it was. Obispo called it suppressed influenza and made him take those pills every night; but they didn't seem to
1940	FIC	Harpers	was appendicitis. But Obispo had said it was just gas because of his suppressed influenza. And then he'd got mad and told the fellow he must be a
1940	FIC	Harpers	"all I need to complete the treatment. "" And he'd said that suppressed influenza was a funny thing; didn't seem to be anything, but poisoned the"
1940	MAG	Time	"through Finland, believes that there is no danger of a typhoid epidemic. # Influenza. Greatest plague of World War I, if not the greatest in history,"
1940	MAG	Time	"20,000,000 people died of it, 550,000 of them in the U. S. # Since influenza runs in cycles of some 20 years, some epidemiologists expect another great pandemic any"
1940	MAG	Harpers	"Buffalo, and The Furioso. DEATH ON A PALE HORSE cc e Problem of Influenza "" is the fifth in THGeorge W. Gray's series of articles on recent developments"
1940	MAG	Harpers	""" The Control of Pain. "" Mr. Gray describes the outbreak of the great influenza pandemic of 1918. A paragraph from the Britannica may he of interest. """
1940	MAG	Harpers	"illness, "" "" The Control of Pain, "" and "" The Problem of Influenza. "" The present article on the accumulation of evidence to sustain the belief that"
1940	MAG	NewRepublic	"developed by the Rockefeller Foundation holds out the hope of immunity against most types of influenza. But much remains to be done, including some desirable actions that are perhaps"
1941	FIC	Mov:Underground	"die from lack of food, clothing and shelter. Many more will die from influenza, typhus, and cholera. The large quantities of butter and meats sent into"
1941	MAG	Time	"tobacco plants - viruses similar to those which cause such human ills as smallpox, influenza, infantile paralysis. # The pictures were taken with an electron microscope developed by"
1941	MAG	Time	"of an inch in diameter. # Scientists long knew that viruses caused smallpox, influenza, yellow fever, infantile paralysis, many other human, animal and plant diseases"
1941	MAG	Time	"no one's home is his own. "" # The possibility of a bigger influenza epidemic than the U.S. has had in 20 years was forecast by public health doctors"
1941	MAG	Harpers	". HI The forms of pestilence that are most feared in the present war are influenza, pneumonia, cerebrospinal fever, dysentery, typhus, and malaria. Each took"
1941	MAG	Harpers	"flare up and become the great pestilence of the 1940's, as the unexpected influenza was of the last war. A few months ago yellow fever broke out in"
1941	MAG	Harpers	"is received the drug is administered immediately as the initial step in treatment. In influenza the death blow is frequently given by pneumonia, and because of their power against"
1941	MAG	Harpers	of their power against pneumonia bacteria the sulfa-drugs may be of some service in saving influenza patients from this final blow. The drugs apparently have no effect on the influenza
1941	MAG	Harpers	"influenza patients from this final blow. The drugs apparently have no effect on the influenza germ itself, which is a virus, perhaps the most widely feared agent of"
1941	MAG	Harpers	"been made to shape a sulfanilamide derivative into such form that it will neutralize the influenza virus, but without success. However, progress has come from another direction."
1941	MAG	Harpers	"Drs. Frank L. Horsfall and Edwin H. Lennette were experimenting with ferrets infected with influenza. Quite by accident four of the animals became additionally infected with dog distemper,"
1941	MAG	Harpers	"this double infection, it was found that the vaccine conferred an apparent protection against influenza. For when persons were inoculated with this material, their blood rapidly developed anti-influenza"
1941	MAG	Harpers	"has been found that the blood of vaccinated individuals retains the power to neutralize the influenza virus for as long as six months, and perhaps longer. Until a severe"
1942	FIC	Harpers	"to be grateful to her because she had in his last year nursed him through influenza, but it was difficult, for she was no less repulsive to him in"
1942	MAG	Time	"uncertain nature, "" dysentery, malaria, rheumatism, pneumonia, a carbuncle, influenza, conjunctivitis, recurrent headaches, bad eyesight, a tremor of the hands,"
1942	MAG	SatEvePost	"have been seen, giving scientists new hope in their battle against such diseases as influenza, the common cold and infantile paralysis. Details of germ structure hitherto undreamed of"
1943	MAG	SatEvePost	"sinister and other emblems of his current vocation. When he had a touch of influenza, he called on Dr. Lee E. Siegel, saying, "" The little monarch"
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"19431211_3 txt INFLUENZA SPREADS IN EAST, MIDWEST 10% of Washington's Population Mildly III -- New York"
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"'s Population Mildly III -- New York Not Seriously Affected While a mild form of influenza continued to spread yesterday, reaching epidemic proportions in many sections of the country,"
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"advanced even for requesting a temporary extension of working hours, the Dispensation // Mild Influenza Epidemic Spreads In East and Areas of Midwest // Committee of the department said."
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"one case of the conversion of a school into an auxiliary infirmary to care for influenza patients. 90,000 III in Washington Worst hit was the nation's capital, where"
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"271 were unable to attend their classes. Britain is experiencing one of the worst influenza epidemics since World War I, The United Press reported from London, all strata"
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	", and many cases reported involve both virus A and virus B, the only influenza germs which science has been able to separate. Most of the illnesses reported last"
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"city of Rensselaer was operating with a skeleton staff at City Hall, victims of influenza, including the Mayor, City Treasurer, Tax Commissioner and Chief of Police."
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	", editor of the Journal of the American Medical Association, said the outbreak of influenza in a mild form might prove a blessing in disguise, immunizing a large number"
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"city hospital wards, schools were affected, and war plants reported production hampered as influenza continued to spread in Philadelphia. The first death attributed directly to the disease was"
1943	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"in Bloomfield were closed yesterday because of an epidemic of colds, grippe and mild influenza. Also, at the request of the Bloomfield Health Department, signs banning children"
1944	MAG	Harpers	"years ago, in the closing months of the First World War, the worst influenza pandemic of all time added its toll of death to that of the battlefields."
1944	MAG	Harpers	"Red Cross mission, and can well remember how each day so many died from influenza that it was impossible to recruit enough able-bodied men to bury the dead individually."
1944	MAG	Harpers	the breaking of the submarine blockade. The only cloud on the horizon is an influenza outbreak which began in early November and still continues at the time of this writing
1945	FIC	WideHouse	"ten thousand dollars. For Joshua and Miss Marvina had been quite ill of their influenza, and immediately upon making recovery, went for three weeks to a mountain inn"
1945	FIC	WideHouse	"love, "" he said, and kissed her cheek. JANIE recovered from her influenza far sooner than did her sons, Bertie and Robbie. While the two boys"
1945	FIC	WideHouse	"to her sallow, freckled face. Despite her thinness, the result of her influenza, she appeared quite avid and animated. The April sun came through the bright"
1945	FIC	Mov:EnchantedCottage	"ghastly business without a scratch, only to die in New York City of Spanish influenza. BRADFORD (taking medal) Thanks, mother. Thanks a lot."
1945	FIC	Harpers	regulated and it was this uneven change that put Jess Rivoni in the hospital. Influenza kept him in bed in the post hospital for two weeks and when he finally
1945	FIC	Harpers	". It is important to see that fascism is a disease, as catching as influenza; we all when tired and disillusioned have fascist moments, when belief in human"
1945	MAG	Time	"three months. But they had little fuel for heating. Diphtheria, typhoid and influenza were spreading. And when the flood tides and angry storms of late winter and"
1945	MAG	Time	"161436 In three weeks, U.S. influenza cases reported to the Public Health Service jumped from 5,000 to 13,000 to 49,700."
1945	MAG	Time	"1) tuberculosis, which kills those weakened by exposure and starvation, 2) influenza, which has not yet hit in force (though many Berliners had it last"
1945	MAG	NatGeog	). With the electron microscope scientists have learned what the extremely small viruses of influenza and other diseases look like. They have seen the beneficial bacteriophage viruses which attack
1945	MAG	NatGeog	"arrest infections. New vaccines are able to immunize against tetanus (lockjaw), influenza, scrub typhus, measles, and meningitis. There is hope, some doctors"
1945	MAG	Atlantic	Defeat and Humiliation In 1918-1919 more than four times as many Americans were killed by Influenza as by our enemies of the First World War. Twenty million human beings perished
1945	MAG	Atlantic	"perished of that ruthless disease. The economic loss in the world-wide battle with the influenza organism was also tremendous. Moreover, sad and shameful to say, we lost"
1945	MAG	Atlantic	has no respect for armistice? There were several millions of us engaged in those influenza battles of 1918-1919; we are the casualties who recovered. I now wonder why
1945	MAG	Atlantic	"Nurse? all who fought valiantly with us millions of private sufferers in the great influenza war? we might have got the government to fortify research laboratories munificently, drill"
1946	FIC	LastCircle	"was not so funny, too. It was a bad winter for colds and influenza, and Mona Gregg had always been a sniffling little girl. Nowadays, the"
1946	FIC	LastCircle	"to worry again till after dinner. But once, at the height of the influenza epidemic, he did not hear for almost two days, and his agony became"
1946	FIC	LastCircle	". Dr. Tenterden felt a little irritated and self-conscious that he had not diagnosed the influenza before -- as he would tell you, he rather fancied himself as a diagnostician"
1946	FIC	LastCircle	"but without enthusiasm -- he felt weak and depressed, as one usually does after influenza. Also, he couldn't remember if he had talked about Mona Gregg during"
1946	FIC	LastCircle	", "" said John, sitting down. "" I've been sick myself -- influenza -- so I don't know. "" "" Did you have to have"
1946	FIC	LastCircle	"director of the bank -- when the thing happened. I'd been down with influenza that April -- got it one ofthose raw, sunshiny days that fool you."
1946	FIC	LastCircle	"Taylor, I was shocked. I thought at first he must have had the influenza too. ThenI saw it wasn't that. He looked just the way he"
1946	MAG	Time	", "" said a U.S. Public Health Service official last week, "" about the influenza. "" This winter's epidemic has passed its peak. # U.S. cases reported"
1946	MAG	Time	"G.I.s last fall, also breathed easier. Its new antiflu shots, which reduced influenza cases 75% in tests, had produced "" encouraging results. """
1947	FIC	Harpers	"name for Evil -- to believe the evidence of our senses, and ifwe had influenza or consumption, or had lost our money, or were unemployed, we denied"
1947	MAG	Time	is estimated to be one ten-thousandth of a millimeter (about the size of the influenza virus). # The British experimenting will go on. More snuffling volunteers are
1947	MAG	GoodHouse	"succumb to one or two attacks of tonsilitis or flu. Acute infections such as influenza and focal infections such as bad sinuses, abscessed teeth or tonsils, plus generally"
1947	MAG	Atlantic	? what Dr. Grant would have her? weakened herself more? sank under the influenza? and frightened me at last very sufficiently? and heaven only knows now when
1947	MAG	Harpers	waited. Sharp &; Dohme had a series of six booths illustrating the manufacture of influenza vaccine and assured the most careful scientific attention to the process by having each step
1948	MAG	Time	"to be "" characteristic particles... of the same general size as viruses of the influenza type, but... readily distinguishable from them. "" The two physicians"
1948	MAG	GoodHouse	"know you are coughing unless your cough is a symptom of some ailment such as influenza. Then you call the doctor, not because of your cough but because you"
1948	NF	LiberalPresidents	"He was a tired man, and ill. He had suffered an attack of influenza in Paris from which he had not fully recovered. Opposition, never welcome to"
1949	FIC	Harpers	""" Jefferson thought. Headaches. Pains in the chest. "" For the French influenza, "" Jefferson said acidly. Chummy's sleepy lids lifted. He stood and"
1949	FIC	Harpers	"You can tell' em anything, "" Jefferson said and shrugged. "" French influenza or Chinese cancer, they don't know. "" Outside I heard someone --"
1949	MAG	Time	"acerbity that boded ill for European unity, Italians in Paris retorted by calling it influenza Francese."
1949	MAG	Time	"French call the current epidemic la grippe Italienne, while Italians retort by calling it influenza Francese TIME, Jan. 17. # In 1498 a plague sweeping Europe was dubbed"
1949	NF	StoryLanguage	"by sending tobacco seeds to Catherine de Medici). From Italian we have "" influenza, "" "" pellagra, "" "" malaria, "" and numerous common nouns and"
1950	FIC	CastColdEye	"family opinion. Our father had put us beyond the pale by dying suddenly of influenza and taking our young mother with him, a defection that was remarked on with"
1950	FIC	CastColdEye	"kept open house. She had accommodated us all during those fatal weeks of the influenza epidemic, when no hospitalbeds were to be had and people went about with masks"
1950	MAG	Time	"spread by saboteurs or enemy raiders can not be effectively guarded against by inoculation-e.g., influenza, parrot fever, Q fever, tularemia, some fungus infections, botulism. *"
1950	MAG	Harpers	"be heard outside, carrying the day's dead to outlying cemeteries. The great influenza epidemic of 1918? 19 was at its height. The week's toll for"
1950	MAG	Harpers	"until dawn. George Jean Nathan, back on his feet after a bout with influenza, was as delightful as ever. Together he and Mencken redecorated the walls of"
1951	FIC	Harpers	"Unfortunately, within a fortnight from the first rainfall, a hitherto unknown form of influenza epidemic began to spread new disquietude among the public with its already frayed nerves."
1951	FIC	ProudNewFlags	"she had been mistaken, thanks, no doubt, to a bad case of influenza. Besides, Irad was so tense, so overwrought, these days that she"
1951	MAG	Time	"spent much of each year... In 1925 she had died in an influenza epidemic, leaving a boy of three named Norris... During school holidays"
1953	FIC	ChildrenAreBored	", of anger that made her seasick, of grief that shook her like an influenza chill, of the physical afflictionsby which the poor victimized spirit sought vainly to wreck"
1953	MAG	Time	"the 19 Scripps-Howard newspapers, onetime (1920-23) president of United Press; of influenza; in Miramar, Calif. Quiet, pincenezed Bill Hawkins was an effective complement"
1953	MAG	Time	""" maximum security "" of Alcatraz. # Still convalescing from his month-long siege of influenza, Pope Pius XII canceled his routine private and public audiences as the only celebration"
1953	MAG	Harpers	the real extent of sickness in the nation. The notifiable list used to include influenza and pneumonia. They were dropped because fewer and fewer physicians have bothered to report
1955	FIC	MissMorissaDoctor	"down the adventurous travel and outside of a few accidents and a little pneumonia, influenza, and smallpox, Morissa had time to study and to carry on a correspondence"
1955	MAG	Time	"told her own story, she was orphaned at six (both parents died of influenza in 1918), passed around among relatives, and sent to a convent in"
1957	FIC	EdgeDarkness	"the sand dunes and the flat, empty beaches; and after the ravages of influenza in thep59autumn of 1918, when he had seen far too many homesick boys die"
1957	MAG	SportsIll	"(a package good for five shots: $3.98) over the counter, Asian influenza -- or something disconcertingly like it -- settled in the bones, bellies and bronchial"
1957	MAG	Time	"186781 Asian influenza, sweeping around the world (TIME, June 24), broke out in"
1957	MAG	Time	"but there isn't time. "" # # WILL the U.S. have a major influenza epidemic this fall? With a massive outbreak of the disease now sweeping around the"
1957	MAG	Time	"202459 Asian influenza will hit the U.S. this fall before mass immunization can be effective, and the"
1959	MAG	Atlantic	"war. There was something else which I did not foresee. an attack of influenza in Paris, which proved to be one of the contributory causes of his final"
1959	MAG	Atlantic	"routine again. "" IN THE early spring of 1919 came that ill-omened attack of influenza, the insidious effects of which he was not in good condition to resist."
1953	MAG	Harpers	"drugs and antibiotics. In the last year for which figures on the incidence of influenza and pneumonia were compiled, four-fifths of all reported cases came from three Southern states"
1953	MAG	Harpers	"were compiled, four-fifths of all reported cases came from three Southern states, where influenza and pneumonia notification regulations were enforced to the end. The Public Health Service has"
1953	MAG	Harpers	"by checking school attendance and sickness insurance payments? methods that reveal when and where influenza outbreaks occur, but that is about all. Despite their limited coverage, however"
1953	NF	EnglishHousewife	". When Mr. Wakefield's two children and some of his servants were smitten with influenza, then called "" the new disease "" in 1658, he consulted a smith"
1955	MAG	NewRepublic	"during an eight-year period, of new medical research and education:? deaths from influenza were reduced between 1944 and 1952 by three-quarters;? those from appendicitis and acute"
1956	NF	AnOutlineBacteriology	". Intercurrent infection. In a number of virus infections, such as measles and influenza, so much damage may evidently be done to the cells of the respiratory tract"
1956	NF	AnOutlineBacteriology	"the pneumonia that may suddenly occur in previously healthy young adults, for the severe influenza which attacked nearly every member of the population in the pandemic of 1918-19, or"
1956	NF	AnOutlineBacteriology	"a baby. From what we now know of the pneumococcus, the virus of influenza and Strep. pyogenes, it is much more probable that it was some attribute possessed"
1956	NF	AnOutlineBacteriology	"until recently, but recent work suggests that some viruses, such as that of influenza, first attach themselves to certain muco polysaccharide receptors which are present on the cell"
1956	NF	AnOutlineBacteriology	"The administration by subcutaneous injection of large doses of formalinized (and therefore dead) influenza virus to human beings may, for instance, produce quite severe generalized reactions com"
1956	NF	AnOutlineBacteriology	the blood.4 Antibodies may also reach some secre-tions such as the colostrum and milk. Influenza virus neutralizing anti-body has been detected in the nasal mucus. Antibodies have also been
1956	NF	AnOutlineBacteriology	"in Fig. 7.5, showing the variations in the level of // neutralizing antibody for influenza virus in the blood of three individuals over a period of 3 years following clinical"
1956	NF	StructureFunction	"inflammation of the middle ear. It is often associated with the common cold, influenza, and other upper-respiratory disorders. The inflammatory process spreads from the pharynx up the"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Let	"from heart disease, diabetes and other chronic ailments and for whom the contraction of influenza may be of serious consequences. They should have first priority in receiving the benefit"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"Planned on Ambulance Runs Bellevue Treats 1,021 By PHILIP BENJAMIN The expected epidemic of Asian influenza has arrived in New York, the City Health Department reported yesterday. About 150,000"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"yesterday. About 150,000 pupils and 3,000 teachers were absent because of some form of influenza, school officials said. Between Sunday midnight and 9 P. M., last night"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	". Between Sunday midnight and 9 P. M., last night 1,021 persons complaining of influenza symptoms were treated at Bellevue Hospital. However, the Health, Hospitals and Education"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	the Department of Health and the Department of Hospitals reported to Mayor Wagner on the influenza situation. They told the Mayor of the sharp rise in the number of cases
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	thought it was reasonable to assume that a good number of the cases were Asian influenza. He reported that during the period from 4 P. M. Friday to midnight Tuesday
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"situation if it worsens. "" In New Jersey, meantime, mild cases of influenza yesterday kept thousands of school children home. In Trenton the rate of school absentees"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"Department. About 400 passengers on, the Italian liner Saturnia were- afflicted by Asian influenza during the thirteen-day crossing from Trieste, Italy. The ship docked yesterday at Pier"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"than 1,400 persons in the state were stricken by an illness suspected of being Asian influenza. The latest victims brought to about 5,000 the number hit by influenza-like illness since"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"The outbreaks have been generally mild. The department has confirmed 350 cases as Asian influenza. Prince Charles Falls Ill Special to The New York Times. LONDON, Oct."
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"? Prince Charles, 8-year-old heir to the British throne, became sick today with influenza at the boarding school he entered last week. A spokesman at Buckingham (Palace"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"Greece ATHENS, Oct. 2 (Reuters)? Eight persons have died of Asian influenza in Greece in the last two days. This brings the death toll in major"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	", the Netherlands, Oct, 2 (Reuters)? About 70,000 cases of influenza are being reported daily in this country. An "" exceptionally high "" number of"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"was to have hurled this game but had to be sidetracked because of a mild influenza attack on Wednesday. The incredible Burdette, however, needed no help once the"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"Emerging from four days' seclusion at the executive mansion where he was confined with influenza, the Governor suggested that integration at Central. High School might win community acceptance"
1957	NEWS	NYT-Reg	". The two missing students, Terrence Roberts and Melba Pattillo, were ill with influenza. Today half of the thirty soldiers stationed inside the school were Arkansas National Guardsmen"
1958	MAG	SatEvePost	"holiday festivities. Then, on July sixth, a raging epidemic... of Asian influenza broke out and swept across the island with terrifying speed. Within a few weeks"
1958	MAG	SatEvePost	mothers or babies were lost in childbirth. Only one death was directly attributed to influenza -- that of a two-month-old enfant who was suffering from bronchial pneumonia when admitted to
1960	FIC	ChessPlayers	stand on his feet. Part of his debility was unquestionablydue to the attack of influenza which he had persistently refused to recognize as a serious illness as long as he
1960	MAG	Atlantic	"jail, is about on a par with our reaction to a bad case of influenza. Nasty, rotten luck, can happen to anyone, nothing to shout about"
1960	MAG	SatEvePost	"a mother and ten children living in one room. The mother was ill with influenza, and all the children had chicken pox. The father, an ex-miner,"
1960	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"capital. Despite the rigorous schedule, undertaken just after recovery from a bout of influenza, Mr. Khrushchev appeared to be unfatigued and relaxed in his two public appearances today"
1960	NF	AnimalScienceIndustry	made the poorest gains the second year. That year all pigs were affected by influenza and those in the wallow were affected most severely. This illustrated the sanitation and
1961	FIC	EdgeSadness	"mother, and this was unusual with him. My mother had died in an influenza epidemic when I was very small. I had only the faintest recollections of her"
1961	MAG	Time	viruses at the upper right are polio; the four at the lower right are influenza. # IN painting this and other covers for TIME (this is his 26th
1961	MAG	Atlantic	""" Colorado "" is used with potato beetles, "" Spanish "" is used with influenza, and "" German "" is used with measles. In Canada, "" American"
1962	MAG	Time	", 14, complained of fever and a sore throat. A local doctor diagnosed influenza and hopefully dosed him vith medicine. The feverish boy lay around Viracopos airport for"
1962	MAG	Atlantic	"month for service-connected chronic bronchitis. During his three-month service in the army he had influenza and developed a cough, which he has since aggravated by heavy smoking. He"
1964	MAG	Time	"tube. And it is safe enough to have been used with promising results on influenza patients. Such a drug may help children, but proving its safety for pregnant"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"of the U.S. Public Health Service asserted that the results of tests with the 1963 influenza vaccine were "" disappointing "" and that the widespread use of flu shots "" can"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"Since the great Asian-flu scare of 1957, the United States has suffered through five influenza epidemics. They flourished despite increasing use of flu vaccine. Three of these epidemics"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"says Dr. Langmuir, "" there is a 50 percent chance we will have an influenza epidemic. "" To decide whether or not to be vaccinated against the flu ("
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"flu research. The word "" flu "" comes, of course, from "" influenza, "" which stems, in turn, from an Italian phrase, un influenza"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"influenza, "" which stems, in turn, from an Italian phrase, un influenza di freddo, meaning "" the influence of cold. "" (An earlier name"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"come from a French word, agripper, meaning "" to attack. "") Influenza has had a long and lethal history. Hippocrates wrote of a flu epidemic in"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	entire four years of World War I. NOT until 1933 was the specific cause of influenza discovered. Then it was identified as a virus so small that 25 million of
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"its discovery made possible the development of a vaccine to prevent the then-most-virulent strain of influenza. The first general use of such a vaccine came in 1943, when members"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"Army's college-training program (ASTP) were inoculated against the threat of the severe influenza A epidemic of 1943-44. However, widespread civilian use of the vaccine was not"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"of "" watch laboratories "" all around the world to spot the development of new influenza strains. It was this system which helped give us the alert on the sudden"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"in a generation. Up to then, there had been little civilian use of influenza vaccine in the U.S., but that spring the U.S. Public Health Service decided to"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"He estimates that "" 84 percent of persons prone to die during an epidemic of influenza were left unprotected. "" An independent appraisal: No one really knows how many"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"The charge: Dr. Langmuir, citing "" limited studies "" of the efficacy of influenza vaccine during the 1963 epidemic, says, "" The findings are disappointing and point"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"than 20 to 25 percent at best. For this reason, widespread use of influenza vaccines can not be justified. "" The rebuttal: Dr. Davenport offers evidence that"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	based on virtually ideal conditions. (The military offers a well-controlled environment for preventing influenza? once the recruits are vaccinated? since the youths get regular hours of sleep
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"the proper two doses of vaccine, | how many of these were exposed to influenza, and how many fell ill with influenza? then compare their experiences with those"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"how many of these were exposed to influenza, and how many fell ill with influenza? then compare their experiences with those of all the people who were not vaccinated"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	". Since that key is missing, all claims as to the over-all effectiveness of influenza vaccine are merely well-informed guesses. CHANGE IN STRAINS The charge: Dr. Langmuir asserts"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	"in the flu strain was carefully reviewed by the Surgeon General's Advisory Committee on Influenza, whose decision was that the "" degree of shifting did not warrant a crash"
1964	MAG	GoodHouse	controversy itself has sparked an intensified and more critical inquiry into current methods of fighting influenza. From this inquiry it can be hoped that new and more effective approaches will
1966	MAG	Time	"more than 3,000 human subjects, and has shown remarkable effectiveness in protecting against Asian-A influenza. For an adult the effective dose of amantadine is 200 mg. a day,"
1966	NEWS	Chicago	during a parade and was taken home. He is believed to be suffering an influenza attack. May Lose Crew Borman said yesterday afternoon that it is inevitable that the
1967	MAG	Time	"as a matter of personal choice, reputedly even darning his old socks; of influenza; in King Koti Palace, India. # # Died. Andrew Jergens,"
1967	NEWS	Chicago	19671220_1 txt The first definite confirmation that the A-2 influenza virus has struck Chicago was reported yesterday by the Illinois department of public health.
1968	FIC	MorningNoonNight	"the Canon recalled, there was one child, a son who died tragically of influenza in 1918, which could, of course, do something to account for the"
1968	FIC	TestimonyTwoMen	"compared with the other killers, such as diarrhea and tuberculosis. And pneumonia and influenza and diphtheria. These are our present murderers, while cancer is rare in comparison"
1968	FIC	TestimonyTwoMen	", one winter my chest was worse than usual, and our family doctor had influenza, and we called in Dr. Bogus. He walked into the bedroom where I"
1968	NEWS	Chicago	"thing that will push the pneumonia deaths above the expected level and that is an influenza outbreak, "" Dr. Sencer said. The center monitors pneumonia-influenza deaths in 122 cities"
1968	NEWS	Chicago	"100,000 doses have been distributed in Chicago. While many medical authori-1 ties described the influenza here as an epidemic, Dr. Morgan J. O'Connell, acting health commissioner, continued"
1968	NEWS	Chicago	"Slight Flu Increase "" I would say that we have had a slight increase in influenza activity In the city, "" he said. "" I want the people to"
1969	MAG	NewYorker	"office. Then he went on to tell us that whenever a new strain of influenza virus appears in Asia, where flu is endemic, it is inevitable, because"
1969	NF	PartnersInScience	"pertussis by the same air and though the patients were | seized by the late influenza immediately/ afterwards, they did not relapse into the pertussis? Dr. Carmichael says that"
1969	NF	PartnersInScience	"to such an antagonist. I caught a Cold, I beleive it was the influenza in the beginning of February by venturing out to see Mrs. Ferguson whom we have"
1970	FIC	TravelsWithMyAunt	"extravagance; "" my aunt replied. "" Poverty is apt to strike suddenly like influenza, it is well to have a few memories of extravagance in store for bad"
1970	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"in Penrhyndeudraeth in Merionetshire when he died at 8 P.M. He had been suffering from influenza. Governed by 3 Passions "" Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have"
1971	FIC	Wonderland	"fascinated with the microscopic. Sick for two weeks in the university infirmary with an influenza that was going around, he dreamed of the cells of tissues, the bizarre"
1972	FIC	Play:BuffaloJump	"loses his legs in a railway accident, loses his wife and child in an influenza epidemic, loses his money in the Wall Street Crash and still manages to come"
1972	MAG	ReadersDigest	"more than his share of sadness. His first wife, Marjorie, died of influenza. His second wife, the beautiful and beloved Louise, suffered a series of"
1972	NEWS	Chicago	"19720810_3 txt The government toddy announced development of a new kind of influenza vaccine which it said "" holds future promise for the eventual control "" of the"
1973	FIC	TheophilusNorth	"to writing anonymous letters. They say it comes and goes in epidemics, like influenza. You should have torn them into small pieces -- unread -- and put them"
1973	FIC	Harpers	"day, postponed a little, postponed fifty years, on account of rain, influenza, school, work, war, movies, and the news, the big"
1973	MAG	Time	"microbes: Institute scientists had devised a vaccine to protect against the present generation of influenza virus and against generations yet unborn. The vaccine, said last week's announcement"
1973	MAG	Time	"he had not had the opportunity to take the rest needed to recover from the influenza he had suffered repeatedly this past winter. "" In what seemed an attempt at"
1974	FIC	Harpers	", or somewhere else. A number of unlucky fellows died at Camp Curry of influenza, almost as if they hadn't been in the war at all. Two"
1974	FIC	Harpers	"boy in Kingsburg, the dead of the neighborhood in France, the dead from influenza at Camp Curry, and the disgraced Kristofor Under the Bed, as he came"
1975	MAG	Time	"a staggering variety of ailments, ranging from abscessed teeth, bursitis, gout, influenza, pneumonia to heart attack and-most ominously-leukemia. The Boston Globe carried the electrifying tale"
1975	MAG	Time	"285560 By comparison with the great influenza epidemics, the plague that hit Minnesota recently was a trivial affair. One hundred"
1976	FIC	StormWarning	"not long enough. "" "" And your mother? "" "" Died in the influenza epidemic of 1918. I went to live with her brother, my uncle Lothar"
1976	MAG	Time	"286658 When several hundred soldiers were stricken with influenza at Fort Dix, N.J., in February, doctors at first were not greatly"
1976	MAG	Time	"were not greatly alarmed. The recruits appeared to be suffering only from the A/Victoria influenza virus, a strain that caused last winter's relatively mild flu epidemic. But"
1976	MAG	Time	form of which possibly caused some half-million deaths in the U.S. alone during the 1918-19 influenza pandemic-only a few health centers round the country were ready to give the shots.
1976	MAG	Time	"flu, and bivalent, which also contains vaccine against last year's prevailing A/Victoria influenza strain. Because the virus used in producing the vaccine is cultured in eggs,"
1976	MAG	SatEvePost	"held for $500,000 ransom in December, 1968. Because the girl was ill with influenza, her mother had come to Atlanta and moved her to an off-campus motel."
1976	MAG	NewRepublic	"leases for oil-drilling on the Atlantic shelf; a bill to limit strip-mining vetoed; influenza vaccine dangerously delayed because of insurance companies, then even more dangerously hurried; sale"
1977	MAG	SatEvePost	"Kennedy has tremendous physical stamina. He has above-average resistance to infections, such as influenza.... "" There are three interesting obfuscations in the statement. Dr. Travell"
1978	FIC	Whistle	ill. Nothing to do with the drug. Believe me. Some form of influenza. I don't know what kind. Something you must've picked up in
1978	MAG	Time	". Father was called to a grimy industrial parish in Birmingham; their mother contracted influenza and died. But soon there was a new Mrs. Knox, an elegant lady"
1979	FIC	PassionPlay	"finished The Plumed Serpent in Mexico. He called his sickness catarrh, bronchitis, influenza, a bad cold, finally malaria -- everything but the deadly thing it was."
1970	NF	DemocracyResponsbility	", whilst in Europe and beyond Nature took a hand with a deadly epidemic of influenza. The guns ceased firing. After an interval of awesome silence, over the"
1970	NF	DemocracyResponsbility	of keeping warm in the post-war winter no doubt contributed to the virulence of the influenza epidemic which swept the country and ravaged the large towns: 7.9 per cent of
1972	NEWS	Chicago	"described the potential importance of the new technique this way: "" For years, influenza has posed special problems in disease prevention. These. problems have arisen as a"
1972	NEWS	Chicago	"problems in disease prevention. These. problems have arisen as a result of the influenza virus' uncanny ability to change its structure. "" These periodic changes, known"
1972	NEWS	Chicago	"as antigenic shifts, render past vaccines useless and leave entire population groups susceptible to influenza. "" The institute said the new vaccine must still undergo extensive trials' and"
1975	NEWS	NYT-Reg	"by disease ranking behind conditions of heart and circulatory system including stroke, cancer, influenza and pneumonia, and diseases of early infancy. Death by accident now. ranks"
1975	NF	ShortTextbookMedicine	". Benign pericarditis can probably be caused by several viruses including coxsackie, mumps and influenza. It is most common in young adults and there is often a history of"
1975	NF	ShortTextbookMedicine	"well as other illnesses such as pericarditis and meningitis (p. 521). The influenza virus consists of types A, B and C; influenza A virus is the"
1975	NF	ShortTextbookMedicine	"521). The influenza virus consists of types A, B and C; influenza A virus is the cause of pandemics and major epidemics, B virus causes smaller"
1975	NF	ShortTextbookMedicine	", B virus causes smaller epidemics and is a less virulent type of infection and influenza C is principally endemic producing a fairly trivial respiratory infection. Major changes in the"
1975	NF	ShortTextbookMedicine	"endemic producing a fairly trivial respiratory infection. Major changes in the antigenic nature of influenza A virus occur about every ten to fifteen years, but minor changes may occur"
1975	NF	ShortTextbookMedicine	"intervening years? the so-called antigenic drift'. For this reason effective vaccines against influenza should contain type B virus and the latest strain of type A, at the"
1975	NF	ShortTextbookMedicine	"OF THE BRONCHI ACUTE TRACHEITIS AND BRONCHITIS Acute tracheitis and bronchitis may complicate colds, influenza, measles, and other virus infections, and are particularly liable to occur in"
1976	NEWS	Chicago	"the extent of the potential threat posed by a strain of flu known as swine influenza that could become epidemic here next tall. However, the President said there is"
1976	NEWS	Chicago	"evidence and past experience indicate a strong possibility that this country could experience widespread swine Influenza in 1976-77. "" Since every American under the age of 50 Is almost universally"
1976	NEWS	Chicago	"Eyed those people over age 50 who have swine -- like virus exposure to the influenza can not be sure that they are protected against the disease, the statement said"
1976	NEWS	Chicago	has had any contact with pigs. This question reflects the haunting concern that swine-type influenza -- which broke out earlier this year at Ft. Dix. NA -- could
1976	NEWS	Chicago	"could be implicated, though it. will not be known whether any type of influenza is involved until laboratory test results become available, possibly on Thursday. PAYNE's"
1976	NEWS	Chicago	"in poor health were the main victims, dying from hbart attacks, pneumonia, influenza, and cancer. OTHER DISORDERS aggravated by hot, moist weather include asthma,"
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	"flexible To the Editor: Even as implementation of the national immunization campaign against swine influenza has begun, debate over its merits continues (editorial Sept. 27). In"
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	". One, directed at the general population, involves the use of monovalent swine influenza virus vaccine to prevent a potential epidemic of swine influenza this winter. This unique"
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	"the use of monovalent swine influenza virus vaccine to prevent a potential epidemic of swine influenza this winter. This unique program, aimed as it is against a possibility which"
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	Americans who because of age or chronic disease are unusually susceptible to severe complications of influenza. The use of influenza vaccine in this population has long been accepted public-health policy
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	or chronic disease are unusually susceptible to severe complications of influenza. The use of influenza vaccine in this population has long been accepted public-health policy. The vaccine which has
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	public-health policy. The vaccine which has been produced for this population contains both swine influenza virus and a strain of influenza virus (VicSilent Parents To the Editor: It
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	has been produced for this population contains both swine influenza virus and a strain of influenza virus (VicSilent Parents To the Editor: It is a terrible thing to stand
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	"Subcommittee on International Trade, Investment and Monetary Policy. torte) which has caused influenza throughout the world in the last eighteen months. Although swine influenza virus has not"
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	which has caused influenza throughout the world in the last eighteen months. Although swine influenza virus has not been isolated from human cases since the events at Fort Dix In
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	"since the events at Fort Dix In February, Victoria-like virus has continued to cause influenza (most recently in the Southern Hemisphere, where June, July and August are"
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	"anything concerning this controversy that is clearly predictable, it is that there will be influenza this winter, probably due to Victoria-like virus. It would be tragic if disagreement"
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	virus. It would be tragic if disagreement over the mass immunization program against swine influenza resulted in loss of public confidence in influenza vaccines in general. Debate regarding the
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	over the mass immunization program against swine influenza resulted in loss of public confidence in influenza vaccines in general. Debate regarding the wisdom of a mass campaign against a virus
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	"not obscure the urgent need. to immunize persons at great risk against strains of influenza virus that are prevalent. (Prof.) JEROME L. SCHULMAN, M.D. Department of"
1976	NEWS	NYT-Let	"diseases. Besides the transient defects in taste that may occur during an attack of influenza, other conditions, such as liver failure, thermal burns, an underfunctioning thyroid"
1977	NEWS	NYT-Let	actual events. Those responsible in early 1976 for the scientific decision to recommend nationwide influenza vaccination were faced with the following facts:? In a human-to-human epidemic at Fort
1977	NEWS	NYT-Let	"? In a human-to-human epidemic at Fort Dix, N.J., a new strain of influenza A virus, with a major shift in both antigenic components, was isolated."
1977	NEWS	NYT-Let	survivors of the 1917-18 epidemic that took millions of lives.? The spread of influenza is so rapid that before the next epidemic season vaccination must be as complete as
1977	NEWS	NYT-Let	Now an appraisal is being made of the possible relationship of the Gulllain-Band syndrome and influenza vaccination. The syndrome has never been associated with any vaccine program and could not
1979	NEWS	Chicago	"the postponement of French President Valery Giscard d'Estaing's visit to Moscow because Brezhnev had influenza, adds urgency to the SALT process because of the potential for a period of"
1980	FIC	RiddleyWalker	"all. Bridges were washed out. There was a typhoid scare, and an influenza scare. (Jean-Pierre himself experienced a gonorrhea scare of fourteen hours, which left"
1980	NF	LookYourHealth	of vaccines are derived from killed or inactivated preparations of infectious agents. These include influenza and typhoid vaccinations. Toxoids are preparations of chemically altered products of bacteria called toxins
1980	NF	LookYourHealth	". Sponge baths, especially with alcohol, are helpful. The Common Cold and Influenza Colds are upper respiratory infections caused by certain viruses that produce illnesses that are highly"
1980	NF	LookYourHealth	"upper respiratory infections. Flu vaccinations provide fairly good protection against a specific virus, influenza, and usually against several strains. Such vaccinations are not 100 percent effective,"
1981	FIC	GorkyPark	for his first four months; injections of vitaminsC and E and sun-lamp therapy for influenza; late in the subject'sfirst year a tooth was pulled and replaced by a steel
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"town in the United States. The disease was not as great a killer as influenza, but these survivors were a constant reminder of the disease. Partly because of"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"he announced that he could produce a safe, effective polio vaccine. Like the influenza vaccine he had worked on during the Second World War, this would be a"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"If they were rabies viruses, they would attack brain cells; if they were influenza viruses, they would fasten onto lung cells. Very soon, hundreds of thousands"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	", these cells pucker up, surround the rhinovirus, and drink it in. Influenza viruses? even more boldly? blast a hole in the cell membrane and fire"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"two. Nor is it possible to vaccinate against a prevalent strain, as with influenza, because several different rhinoviruses may be prevalent at once, and new strains quickly"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"forget about writing. His father had helped document the devastating effects of the great influenza pandemic of 1918, and another professor there was enthusiastic about virus research. Andrewes"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"the laboratory ferrets readily caught distemper. Shortly, toward the end of 1932, influenza broke out in London. During the course of the epidemic, Andrewes and another"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"CANNIBALS one to find the agent responsible. The year before the virus of swine influenza had been found by an American, Richard Shope. He had taken pigs'"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	was widely discussed because it suggested a way to proceed with the investigation of human influenza. Wilson Smith was as much a pessimist as Andrewes was an optimist. But
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	". But even Smith thought it might be worth trying to isolate the agent of influenza. He and Andrewes proposed to inoculate rats, mice, rabbits, and guinea"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"to inoculate rats, mice, rabbits, and guinea pigs with washings from human influenza. Back at Hampstead, as they discussed their plans, Andrewes felt his temperature"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"told that all their ferrets, which were used for distemper research, were getting influenza too. Laidlaw mentioned this to Smith, who seized the clue. He took"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"flu. It turned out that the ferrets at the other laboratory didn't have influenza after all, but an unusual form of distemper. Smith and Andrewes's ferrets"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"snuffling disease, "" and Smith and Andrewes thought the disease almost certainly was human influenza. To rule out any doubt, Andrewes and Smith established a ferret hospital several"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	", they consistently produced the flulike disease. Further evidence that the WS strain was influenza was the way it spread among the animals. Another sneeze helped clinch the case"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"of their results and announced the news: they had found a virus for human influenza. After that, "" things went merrily, "" as Andrewes mildly put it"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"mildly put it. Their isolation of the virus led to the development of an influenza vaccine. The efforts of many went into this vaccine, which was made of"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"new fields to conquer. After the war, things had stopped going merrily with influenza with the alarming discovery that the virus could transform itself! This was a potentially"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	? like a lock? fits the keylike surface antigens of the invader. The influenza virus had been transformed to such an extent that the vaccine was rendered not just
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"effective, but utterly useless against the new strain. Similar antigenic changes in the influenza virus had been charted almost simultaneously in distant parts of the world, and Andrewes"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"with the problem. He suggested to the World Health Organization that a network of influenza surveillance centers be established, and he set up the first one in England."
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"nut. "" He was // optimistic that it would not be cracked, like influenza, only to reveal more nuts. Andrewes's first objective was to establish a"
1981	NF	VirusThatAteCannibals	"first tried cultivating the agent in hens' eggs, the technique that worked with influenza, herpes, and other viruses. Nasal washings from cold sufferers were injected into"
1982	MAG	SatEvePost	"rheumatic myocarditis, gout, tuberculosis, angioneurotic edema, dermatomyositis, frontal sinusitis, influenza, nephritis, peptic ulcer, appendicitis, cholecystitis, malaria, scarlet fever,"
1982	MAG	SatEvePost	"the rickettsia! diseases -- Q fever, for example. It could have been influenza. It could have been a fungus infection -- coccidioidomycosis or histoplasmosis or blastomycosis."
1982	MAG	SatEvePost	"note of explanation and instruction. They were to be tested for Q fever, influenza, psittacosis and histoplasmosis. The last was for insurance. In histoplasmosis, a"
1982	MAG	SatEvePost	We could forget about tuberculosis and blastomycosis and coccidioidomycosis. And probably Q fever and influenza as well. So at least we had narrowed the field. We had a
1982	MAG	SatEvePost	". It read: ALL PRECIPITIN 11 ISTO POSITIVE. PSITTACOSIS, Q FEVER, INFLUENZA NEGATIVE. "" Histoplasmosis is one of about a dozen systemic diseases now known to"
1983	MAG	Time	"million) dropped slightly below the 1981 level, possibly because there were no serious influenza outbreaks in 1982. The 1982 infant mortality rate (11.2 per 1,000 live births"
1983	NEWS	NYT	"caused by allergies or infections by viruses or bacteria, for example, colds, influenza, streptococcal infection, infectious mononucleosis, sinusitis, gonorrhea or other venereal infections."
1983	NEWS	WallStJrnl	"19831116_2 txt A highly virulent strain of avian influenza has infected 18 poultry farms in southeastern Pennsylvania, and the Agriculture Department says 967,000"
1983	NF	MedicalWars	"C claim that large amounts are useful in treating a variety of diseases, including influenza, arthritis, and heart disease. It is impossible to judge these claims,"
1985	FIC	DavitasHarp	", it was impossible to live with my father. Then my mother died of influenza, and I came to America. "" "" Did you become a Communist in"
1985	FIC	MenAngels	"If once again the look of things could move me. When M. Matisse had influenza and thought he was dying, he said he was glad he had lived because"
1985	MAG	Time	"matters. "" Albert died at 42, almost as much from overwork as from influenza. # The eyes staring out of his portraits are those of a private and"
1986	MAG	Time	"officials have known of the new viral strain (actually a mutation of Type A influenza strains predominant in the U.S. in the 1950s) only since June, when the"
1986	MAG	Time	"production. Though no one knows how serious this season's attack will be, influenza generally kills 20,000 to 40,000 Americans in a single winter, more victims than AIDS"
1986	MAG	Time	"protection do not get vaccinated. Of the people who are vulnerable to complications from influenza because of other health problems, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control estimates, only"
1986	MAG	Time	"immunity and allowed scientists to develop vaccines that were effective year after year. The influenza virus, however, is constantly changing the configuration of its surface proteins. Because"
1987	FIC	WorldAsIFoundIt	", Italians, Russians, even a Lithuanian. At night theyp209spoke of outbreaks of influenza and said alarming things about money and politics that she did not understand, nor"
1987	MAG	Time	"Control in Atlanta. Thucydides' description, Langmuir theorized, fit the criteria for influenza complicated by toxic shock syndrome. And although this peculiar combination of ailments had never"
1987	MAG	Time	"it, "" may reappear, "" perhaps as part of some future epidemic of influenza. # The Delphian oracle could not have been more clairvoyant. In a recent"
1987	MAG	Time	"syndrome -- flu complicated by TSS. Nine of the cases occurred during a major influenza outbreak in Minnesota in the winter of 1985-86. One occurred in Roanoke, Va."
1987	MAG	SatEvePost	"bacteria, a person who develops AIDS becomes defenseless against infections such as pneumonia and influenza. Current research indicates victims should avoid immunosuppressants -- that is, anything that will"
1989	FIC	JoyLuckClub	"man came back and killed my great-grandfather. Either that, or he died of influenza one week later. I used to play out the beggar's last moments over"
1989	NEWS	NYT	"he developed a headache and fever of 101 degrees, his symptoms were attributed to influenza, which was striking thousands of other people in the area at the time. //"
1993	FIC	CutQuick	"really my uncle, but my first cousin once removed. My parents died of influenza when I was three, and Uncle Robert and Aunt Cecily took me in."
1994	FIC	ParisRev	"been dead by the age she had reached. Dead in childbed, dead of influenza, or tuberculosis, or puerperal fever, or simple exhaustion, dead, as"
1994	MAG	Time	rats. # -- Experts say new vaccines and treatments for a common type of influenza called Hib can prevent up to one-third of the cases of hearing loss in young
1997	MAG	Futurist	"of diseases such as AIDS, Ebola virus, tuberculosis, and new strains of influenza. Nations isolate themselves by forbidding travelers to cross their borders in either direction."
1998	MAG	USNWR	finally overcome one of the biggest problems in creating vaccines: Common pathogens such as influenza and pneumococcal bacteria mutate so rapidly that it is difficult to design a vaccine to
1998	MAG	USNWR	"challenge immunologists have ever faced. Many vaccines, such as those for polio and influenza, introduce the live pathogen into the body to prompt an immune response. But"
1998	MAG	USNWR	", 170 million carry the disease and are at risk for liver cancer. # Influenza. Flu kills 20,000 in the United States and infects 35 to 50 million a"
1998	MAG	USNWR	"flu. In the 1930s, scientists identified the viruses that cause yellow fever and influenza. Jonas Salk was among those who worked in the University of Michigan laboratories where"
1999	FIC	Homestead	"had died and left these boys to her husband; her husband had taken the influenza and died the year after, leaving the boys not to Anna, who wanted"
1999	FIC	SouthernRev	", hurricane, tornado, or killing spree. Gig deserves it. Hell, influenza don't even visit us anymore every winter, Park. "" # I thought"
1990	MAG	HistoryToday	"flatulancy, nervousness, biliousness, fevers, sore throats, catarrhs, colds, influenza, noises in the head and ears, rheumatism, gout, impurities, eruptions"
1992	MAG	ConsumResrch	"who gets any of these vaccines should wait three months before getting pregnant. Haemophilus Influenza # Haemophilus influenza type b (Hib), one of six types of flu"
1992	MAG	ConsumResrch	"of these vaccines should wait three months before getting pregnant. Haemophilus Influenza # Haemophilus influenza type b (Hib), one of six types of flu strain, is"
1993	NEWS	Atlanta	"smoking a cigarette, the flu. "" # The flu? # Yes. Influenza still kills about 70,000 Americans a year, according to Mr. Rorvik's book;"
1993	NEWS	Houston	"pandemic is not out of the question, he said. The biggest threat is influenza. # Currently, most of the world's population has some immunity to flu"
1994	MAG	TodaysParent	"a stiff neck. In viral meningitis, the symptoms are mild and may resemble influenza. In bacterial meningitis, the symptoms develop rapidly -- sometimes over a few hours"
1994	MAG	USAToday	"deaths recorded, more than 200 died of illness, most of them from the influenza epidemic that swept through the field hospitals. World War I also was the first"
1994	NF	HardToSwallow	. // Blue ear pig disease Blue ear disease in pigs is a type of influenza and its occurrence must be encouraged by intensive rearing. Sometimes the lungs are badly
1994	NF	HardToSwallow	"and has spread westwards, with hundreds of thousands of pigs recently infected. Human influenza spreads similarly. Every 10 years or so, a new type of the virus"
1994	NF	HardToSwallow	Far East and Central Asia. Much research has been performed explaining exactly how the influenza virus keeps changing its properties; this is known as mutating. The vaccines against
1994	NF	HardToSwallow	"keeps changing its properties; this is known as mutating. The vaccines against human influenza give some protection against the disease in people, but as with all vaccines,"
1994	NF	HardToSwallow	virus that causes blue ear disease in pigs. They also found that if human influenza vaccine is injected into pigs it can protect them against blue ear disease. This
1994	NF	HardToSwallow	into pigs it can protect them against blue ear disease. This means that pig influenza is very similar to human influenza. But is this important? The answer to
1994	NF	HardToSwallow	"against blue ear disease. This means that pig influenza is very similar to human influenza. But is this important? The answer to this question is yes, because"
1994	NF	HardToSwallow	"whether people have already been infected with it. One major problem is that human influenza strikes mainly in the winter, and there is no way of telling how many"
1995	NF	Education	"do with infectious diseases (Cassel, 1994). The leading killers were then influenza, pneumonia, diptheria, and gastrointestinal infection. Then from 1900 to 1970 major"
1995	NF	BiologicVariation	"ages, but have more serious consequences in older persons, such as accidents and influenza. The fourth category includes nondisease causes of death, such as homicide. Of"
1995	NF	BiologicVariation	"with more serious consequences in the aged: accidents (fourth) and pneumonia and influenza (sixth). Finally, two are in the category of nondisease causes of"
1995	NF	BiologicVariation	"other races for diabetes, heart disease and stroke, homicide, and pneumonia or influenza. YPLL's for American Indians and Alaskan Natives of both sexes exceed all others"
1996	MAG	NaturalHist	"work as a professor of mathematics at the University of Stockholm, but died of influenza and subsequent pneumonia at age forty-one, at the height of her accomplishments and fame"
1997	MAG	TodaysParent	"children recover completely. The virus can also cause paralysis and death. The Haemophilus influenza type b bacteria was, until very recently, the most common cause of bacterial"
1997	NEWS	SanFran	"tracks on "" With a Tiwst "" are the lesser-known songs, in particular "" Influenza "" (from "" The Ever Popular Tortured Artist Effect ""), "" Love"
1998	MAG	Environmental	"one million chickens, the former colony's whole population, after a strain of influenza virus killed four people. Eighty percent of Hong Kong's poultry comes from farms"
1998	MAG	TotalHealth	"manufacturers). Their products are called Alpha CF, Homeophyter Cold, Cough or Influenza, and Cold and Flu Energy Medicine, respectively. GOLDENSEAL Goldenseal is a potent"
1998	MAG	TotalHealth	Antiviral activity was reported in 1978 showing that echinacea was effective in destroying herpes and influenza viruses. Work in 1956 demonstrated the powerful antibacterial properties of echinacea. European laboratories
1998	MAG	TotalHealth	"until the mid-1980s that the active ingredients in elderberry, which were effective in treating influenza viruses, were discovered. Dr. Jean Lindenman, the developer of interferon, first"
1998	MAG	TotalHealth	of proteins derived from the elderberry plant. Tests were performed against various strains of influenza and it was found that two of the active ingredients effectively combated the virus.
1998	MAG	TotalHealth	days or more. Tests were also conducted on patients to determine the presence of influenza antibodies. It was found that the level of antibodies was higher in patients receiving
1998	NEWS	Atlanta	"envelope viruses, "" whose living material is wrapped in a protein coating, including influenza, Ebola, smallpox and HIV. In less than half an hour, BCTP"
1998	NF	MagicalMushrooms	"activity, having completely protected mice from what should have been a lethal dose of influenza virus. In one case, a patient testing positive for HIV but without AIDS"
1998	NF	VirusesPlagues	", and smallpox did in previous times. One former plague, a type of influenza virus that killed over 20 million persons between 1918 and 1919 -- more victims than"
1998	NF	VirusesPlagues	", yellow fever, poliomyelitis, Lassa fever, Ebola, Hantaviruses, HIV, influenza, and spongiform encephalopathies. The history of viruses and virology is also the history"
1998	NF	OurBodiesOurselves	"pains Nervous twitches, "" tics "" Insomnia Skin rashes Greater susceptibility to colds, influenza, or other illnesses Worsening of existing conditions or illnesses Depression, anxiety, irritability"
1999	MAG	AmSpect	"Throughout this century changes often stole across the populace without warning, like the 1918 influenza epidemic or Political Correctness. Now in the last years of the twentieth century we"
1999	NF	LiesAcrossAmerica	"forced Kalakaua to sign a constitution supporting white interests. Venereal disease, cholera, influenza, measles, typhoid, smallpox, and other diseases from Europe and Asia,"
2000	FIC	CountryInMindWallace	"son at Harvard "" symbolized dizzy grandeurs to her. "" Her death in the influenza epidemic of 1919 plunged her wildly ambitious but deeply insecure son into a two-year,"
2000	FIC	FantasySciFi	"put into an isolation unit until the virus, an ancient and lethal form of influenza, could be identified and destroyed. # Males got a promotion for saving Mogul"
2000	FIC	FantasySciFi	"so massive as to create a two-year winter while launching lethal epidemics of genetically enhanced influenza viruses that decimate the survivors. Twelve billion people will die. "" # Gray"
2000	FIC	SouthernRev	"Gazing at the monument, he remembered with full force his own bout with the influenza. It had struck him, he remembered, on the very verge of battle-or"
2000	FIC	SouthernRev	"seemed powerful evidence that Uncle Ezra and his mother were right. Quite possibly the influenza, with its violent coughing and feverish nightmares, amounted to divine retribution. This"
2000	FIC	FantasySciFi	were raging in Africa as early as the 2070s. Annual worldwide outbreaks of lethal influenza had become the rule by 2080. It seems that the Time of Troubles was
2000	MAG	Time	"by others or by the Love Bug's author. # Like a real Asian influenza, the virus first emerged in Hong Kong. From there it sped westward with"
2000	MAG	Time	"relief of colds and flulike symptoms. "" It is the standard homeopathic treatment for influenza and goes for about $10 a box. But like other homeopathic products, it"
2001	FIC	DangerousWater	left hand when the agony of motion grew unbearable. That winter an attack of influenza had left him with a permanently damaged lung. It would be yet more months
2001	FIC	EdgeTown	"taking care of the family and her mother, who had never fully recovered from influenza. As she walked along the hard-packed road, Julie's mind roamed. Like"
2001	MAG	Time	"to get a flu shot. After all, 20,000 Americans each year die of influenza. And this year in particular, the mayor suggested, getting a flu shot"
2001	MAG	Time	"a couple of problems with his logic. For one thing, getting vaccinated against influenza doesn't guarantee you won't get sick. Although highly effective, the flu"
2001	MAG	Time	complications. There's no need to compound the tragedy by making this year's influenza epidemic any worse. # See Dr. Ian on NBC's Today show. E-mail
2002	FIC	Play:ImaginaryFriends	"to visit my father's parents, who were rich. It was during the influenza pandemic, and we all caught it on the train, and my parents died"
2002	FIC	CubaLibre	"die of yellow fever. Seven years later her and both my sisters died of influenza. And my dad, he came back to New Orleans to run a sugarhouse"
2002	MAG	MilitaryHist	problem was worsened by days of bone-chilling rain that turned the roads into gumbo-and started influenza raging among the front-line troops. The Air Service was also having its troubles maintaining
2002	MAG	MilitaryHist	"British armies were close to exhaustion, and the combination of 117,000 Argonne casualties, influenza and a total lack of replacements rendered the ability of the First and Second American"
2002	MAG	TotalHealth	"foremost authority on vitamin C, speaks of a "" hundred-gram cold, "" an influenza so severe it can burn away 100 grams (not milligrams) of vitamin C"
2003	FIC	Ploughshares	"her youth she was sensitive to death; she had lost her only brother to influenza. # "" Yes, "" he said, "" it is most depressing,"
2003	FIC	Ploughshares	that young man of great promise who had survived the war only to die of influenza eight months later in the room where he'd been born. Three years ago
2003	MAG	Time	"their practices immediately. # There are good reasons to give toddlers flu shots. Influenza is a serious disease that kills an average of 36,000 Americans a year. Recent"
2004	MAG	Time	"so intriguing. For the first time, researchers have direct evidence that exposure to influenza in utero is tied to a greater likelihood that an individual will someday develop schizophrenia"
2004	MAG	Time	"individual will someday develop schizophrenia. # That doesn't mean that the link between influenza and schizophrenia is airtight. "" It's really important to duplicate these results,"
2004	MAG	Time	those women whose children later developed schizophrenia. The researchers discovered that the presence of influenza antibodies -- a sure sign of infection -- during the first half of pregnancy correlated
2004	MAG	Time	pregnancy correlated with a threefold greater risk of schizophrenia. There was no correlation with influenza during the second half of pregnancy. # Why would exposure to influenza during pregnancy
2004	MAG	Time	correlation with influenza during the second half of pregnancy. # Why would exposure to influenza during pregnancy increase the risk of schizophrenia? No one knows. Perhaps the infection
2004	MAG	Time	"damages the developing brain. Or the reason may have something to do with how influenza affects the mother's lungs, decreasing the amount of oxygen that can get to"
2004	MAG	Time	"is real, it would account for just 14% of schizophrenia cases. # Developing influenza during pregnancy carries its own more immediate risks and often requires hospitalization. That is"
2005	FIC	RiverDarkness	"after losing his wife and baby daughter, both in the same week, to influenza. The son of a farmer, he had wanted to return to the land"
2005	MAG	Time	"(WHO) declared in September, once again, that as far as an influenza pandemic is concerned, the question is not if but when, not whether millions"
2005	MAG	Time	". We bounce back and forth between being scared silly and just plain apathetic. Influenza regularly kills 1 million people a year -- 36,000 of them in the U.S. --"
2005	MAG	Time	DOES A FLU THAT KILLS BIRDS BECOME A FLU THAT KILLS PEOPLE? # All influenza viruses -- if you trace their lineage back far enough -- got their start in
2005	MAG	Time	"animals trading germs back and forth, southern China has been the traditional birthplace of influenza, including the nasty strain of H5N1 bird flu that's keeping public-health officials awake"
2005	MAG	Time	"a corner office in Hong Kong and a position as one of the most important influenza experts in the world. As we inch closer to a possible flu pandemic,"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"resorted to digging mass graves with steam shovels. # This was "" America versus Influenza "" 87 years ago, at the height of World War I. By the time"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"as "" anthrax "" and under "" multi -- drug-resistant TB, "" is "" influenza. "" # Of course, the NIAID isn't referring to the A,"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"NIAID isn't referring to the A, B, or C seasonal strains of influenza that we're used to; those are viruses that infect the respiratory system and"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"that's more on the order of the Spanish flu, a viral strain of influenza A that could make smallpox look like small potatoes. # "" In our lifetime"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"may now be hitchhiking its way across Southeast Asia. Since 2003, an avian influenza called H5N1 has killed at least 57 people and sickened twice as many in Vietnam"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"of flu-related complications every year, they're worrisome in context. Avian strains of influenza don't normally infect humans, but this one has mutated and made the interspecies"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"this one has mutated and made the interspecies leap. What's more, the influenza viruses behind the last two pandemics were of avian origin. # Yet another factor"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"the cancellation, and the series was subsequently abandoned. # "" The problem with influenza is that it's really a bridesmaid disease, "" says Scott Harper, M.D."
2005	MAG	MensHealth	half of them had died. # One similarity between the Ebola virus and avian influenza (aside from their capacity for carnage) is that both diseases initially move from
2006	MAG	Time	"In my opinion, the anxiety is unfounded. At the moment, the H5N1 influenza virus is mainly a threat to birds. The virus can infect and kill other"
2006	MAG	Time	"its virulence would probably diminish over time. That is the general pattern of all influenza pandemics, including the terrible one of 1918."
2006	MAG	Redbook	"and whooping cough); MMR (measles, mumps, and rubella); influenza; and varicella (chicken pox). Other vaccines, such as hepatitis B"
2006	MAG	Shape	"your annual flu shot. October and November are the best times to get the influenza vaccine and, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, it's"
2006	MAG	Ebony	", eye and ear exams * Sigmoidoscopy (every three to five years) * Influenza vaccine (annually) * Pneumococcal vaccine (annually) // #"
2007	MAG	PopScience	"inspector in Iraq. "" It gives a better understanding of how genetic information in influenza can change over time. "" The work goes on. Last October, members"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	"or increased disease susceptibility. "" In contrast, outside in the open air, influenza viruses quickly dehydrate and die, or are rapidly killed by the UV rays in"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	"multi-drug resistant Salmonella in eggs, the big recent shift in the ecology of avian influenza has been the intensification of the global poultry sector. PREEMPTIVE STRIKES In October 2005"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	", easily transmissible from one person to the next, and thereby trigger the next influenza pandemic. It's happened before. In 1918, a bird flu virus spawned"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	". Sidebar Six-week-old ducks'mill about their barn on a duck farm in Pennsylvania. "" Influenza Evolution: FROM PONDS TO PEOPLE The avian influenza virus has existed for millions of"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	"duck farm in Pennsylvania. "" Influenza Evolution: FROM PONDS TO PEOPLE The avian influenza virus has existed for millions of years as an innocuous, intestinal, waterborne infection"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	"cough to shoot the virus from one person to the next. In the avian influenza virus' natural reservoir though, the duck doesn't get sick, because the"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	". The virus must mutate or die. Unfortunately for us, mutating is what influenza viruses do best. In aquatic birds, the virus is perfectly adapted in totally"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	""" In "" The World Health Report 2007, "" the WHO reiterated that an influenza pandemic currently poses the greatest threat to international public health and that the "" question"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	"greatest threat to international public health and that the "" question of a pandemic of influenza from this virus H5N1 or another avian influenza virus is still a matter of when"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	"the "" question of a pandemic of influenza from this virus H5N1 or another avian influenza virus is still a matter of when, not if. "" The Asian scientists"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	"Resistance, "" at **26;7180;TOOLONG 2006/8837/8837. pdf. The "" question of a pandemic of influenza from this virus or another avian influenza virus is still a matter of when,"
2007	MAG	MotherEarth	". The "" question of a pandemic of influenza from this virus or another avian influenza virus is still a matter of when, not if. "" A worker collects"
2008	FIC	GoodWoman	"the first week of January, Annabelle had fallen ill with a severe case of influenza. Her parents had been worried about her when it turned rapidly to bronchitis,"
2008	FIC	WettestCountyIn	"Generations of families had known the ancient periodical ravages of sweeping illness like diphtheria, influenza, smallpox, and the certain knowledge of death's deliberate visitation ground all activity"
2008	FIC	WettestCountyIn	"first crossing the Atlantic from England and then anchored in Norfolk harbor in quarantine. Influenza was rampant on the ship, nearly half the men consumed with it on the"
2009	FIC	DustShadowAccount	"extent, the same ailments parade across my consulting room from day to day -- influenza, rheumatism, agues -- the most peaceful of maladies. However, living in"
2000	MAG	Money	"Auburn Hospital in Cambridge, Mass. sees: Traveler's diarrhea, respiratory infections and influenza are the most common. Among more serious illnesses, malaria, typhoid and dengue"
2000	MAG	MilitaryHist	"by land. Sebastopol fell on September 9,1855. Czar Nicholas I had died of influenza in March, and the new czar, Alexander II, was looking for peace"
2000	NEWS	Houston	"wringing their hands in frustration at being unable to provide basic, preventive immunizations. Influenza, complicated by pneumonia, is the fourth-largest cause of death in this country."
2000	NEWS	AP	"be expedited. By Ernst E. Abegg. AP Photos ZUR178,180,181. # LONDON An influenza outbreak has struck parts of Europe, the Middle East and North America especially hard"
2001	MAG	Atlantic	"By 1910 only 300 Kosraeans had survived the Western imports of smallpox, measles, influenza, and sexually transmitted diseases. James Neel, a geneticist at the University of"
2001	MAG	Ebony	"action plan to control the disease. // * 1espiratory infections such as colds, influenza, sore throats and sinus infections (these are the most common asthma triggers in"
2001	NEWS	Houston	". # The new type of vaccine was pioneered in 1990 against the deadly haemophilus influenza type B, once the most common cause of bacterial meningitis in children, Kaplan"
2002	MAG	ChildLife	"the whispered conversations-it was all becoming unbearable-while upstairs his younger sister Elsa lay ill with influenza. Less than a week after she became ill, Elsa died. The family"
2003	NF	WhereIWasFrom	"whom I never knew. She caught fever during the waning days of the 1918 influenza epidemic and died, leaving a husband and two small boys, one of them"
2004	NEWS	Atlanta	"on touch-screen voting. 617215 # It has been 34 days since the first avian influenza infection was confirmed in a poultry flock in Southeast Asia. # Since then,"
2004	NEWS	Atlanta	of the disease in China? # What scientists fear most is a mixing of influenza strains that would combine the severity of avian influenza with the contagiousness of the human
2004	NEWS	Atlanta	fear most is a mixing of influenza strains that would combine the severity of avian influenza with the contagiousness of the human variety. China -- the globe's most populous
2004	NEWS	Atlanta	"know everything that might be out there. "" # The CDC's chief of influenza epidemiology, Dr. Keiji Fukuda, just returned from leading a bird flu deployment to"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	change. # Such a shift could occur if a man who's harboring human influenza simultaneously becomes infected with H5N1. His lungs would then turn into a lab experiment
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"could "" reassort, "" meaning that a chunk of the genome from the human influenza would insert itself into the genome of the avian flu. The resulting Frankenflu would"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"is made from a killed virus, so it's impossible for it to cause influenza, says Arnold Monto, M.D., a professor of epidemiology at the University of"
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"barbell won't purify your body. Besides, if what you have is really influenza, you're not going to feel like stopping at a Gold's Gym."
2005	MAG	MensHealth	"it the stomach flu, "" says Dr. Beckstead. "" But it's not influenza; it's viral gastroenteritis. "" So, while the flu shot won't"
2006	MAG	PopScience	"you buy something, we suggest these talking points: + One strain of avian influenza in particular, H5N1, is endemic in birds throughout Asia and has recently spread"
2006	NEWS	USAToday	"infection that then infects people in the United States, than I am of an influenza coming over here on an airplane (carried by a human). We already"
2006	NEWS	USAToday	"once that happens, then it's going to be spread the way you get influenza every year. # Q: How much warning would Americans likely have that a"
2006	NEWS	USAToday	"that we don't have enough, and the reason is that the distribution of influenza vaccine is left fundamentally up to the private distributors. There isn't a uniform"
2006	NEWS	USAToday	companies don't want to get involved a) in vaccine or b) in influenza vaccine. # Q: If you discover that there is evidence of person-to-person transmission
2006	NEWS	Atlanta	"he's needed it to help mobilize the country in its preparations for a possible influenza pandemic, as well as to go to New Orleans to help the city rebuild"
2006	NEWS	SanFran	"Food and Agriculture and the United States Department of Agriculture track bird flu (avian influenza) and have recently stepped up the testing, restrictions and imports of birds."
2006	NF	AgricResrch	"efforts to deal with one of today's most pressing animal health issues: avian influenza (AI). In April 2005, the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization"
2006	NF	AgricResrch	"and Agriculture Organization and the World Organization for Animal Health launched the New Worldwide Avian Influenza Network (known as "" OFFLU "") to coordinate reference laboratories focusing on AI"
2006	NF	AgricResrch	") to coordinate reference laboratories focusing on AI in animals and those focusing on human influenza. The network, of which SPRL is part, is designed to speed up"
2006	NF	AgricResrch	"entry. # PHOTO (COLOR): In efforts to control or eradicate avian influenza, veterinary medical officer David Suarez provides expertise and guidance to several Southeast Asian and"
2006	NF	IntlAffairs	"that the recent SARS epidemic holds for stemming the potential outbreak of a deadly avian influenza pandemic, Caballero-Anthony supports ongoing efforts to treat what were formerly considered medical and scientific"
2006	NF	IntlAffairs	"and economic production, assuming that it occurred on the same scale as the 1918 influenza pandemic. (n69) # Having considered the underpinnings of global disaster relief in terms"
2007	NF	EnvironHealth	", the widely publicized occurrence of large foodborne-disease outbreaks, and the threat of pandemic influenza all serve as recent models illustrating the impact and burden of disease on the resources"
2007	NF	EnvironHealth	health guidance that informs employees and employers about the hazards of occupational exposure to avian influenza from infected birds and provides practical recommendations on ways to avoid infection. # The
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	1918 flu pandemic // In May 1997 a three-year-old boy in Hong Kong died of influenza. His death wasn't unusual. Every year in every country in every corner
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	"But this infection was different. Health officials couldn't figure out what type of influenza virus had killed the boy, so they sent a sample of it to the"
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	"particular virus had never infected people before. A few months passed. The rare influenza virus infected no one else -- not the boy's parents, or his relatives"
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	". "" The disease spread to another chicken and another. // The strain of influenza virus that infected birds in Southeast Asia was particularly deadly, killing seven of every"
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	"more people, killing six -- a death rate of 33 percent. (Typically influenza kills fewer than 2 percent of its victims.) Soon the virus disappeared."
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	"We just don't know what time it is. "" // Health officials feared an influenza pandemic because they knew just how devastating pandemics could be. During the pandemic of"
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	"the pandemic of 1918 and 1919 -- the one called the last great plague -- influenza infected five hundred million people, half the world's population. The virus,"
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	". In a single month, October 1918, four hundred thousand Americans died of influenza. Influenza typically kills the most vulnerable members of the population, the sick and"
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	"a single month, October 1918, four hundred thousand Americans died of influenza. Influenza typically kills the most vulnerable members of the population, the sick and the elderly"
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	"since the 1970s the AIDS pandemic has killed twenty-five million people. // Pandemics of influenza are inevitable. During the past three hundred years, the world has suffered ten"
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	"But despite their frequency and reproducibility, only one man has ever successfully predicted an influenza pandemic and done something about it. // His name was Maurice Hilleman. Born"
2007	NF	VaccinatedOneMans	"Maurice Hilleman. Born Saturday morning, August 30, 1919, during the worst influenza pandemic in history, Hilleman was the eighth child of Anna and Gustave Hillemann."
2009	NF	FiftyMilesFrom	", telling about life at that time. He wrote of the local deaths from influenza, about his six years working with the reindeer herd, about hunting foxes and"
